what was your problem? you want to talk about it?
sometimes it's a big learning experience, but once you get the hang of it, it will help to grow a bit.
there are people out there who want to help you.
i'm sorry you're going through this. i'm sure that you are successful. i bet that the class was very important to you.
you should not be failing! please be persistent. i believe that you can overcome your challenges.
do you have any friends who would like to go to lunch? sometimes there are the addicts at our school, and it's helpful to just ask if there is any counselor there that you could call, and see what they say.
do you have anyone close you who you can talk to or someone to talk to?
do you want to explore a university like caltech, it should provide you more experience at this school
yeah, they should understand. i would suggest you try and get some hard news paper in addition to a highschool counselor to review the tests and provide some confidence to the students. it will help you focus.
i'm glad!!! have a nice year ahead.
bye!!!!!!!
so you have an old co__unk__ worker that keeps going behind your back, is that correct?
do you speak to him about his behaviour?
i understand your concern, that is an issue for sure. it is important that your boss understand and do their jobs well though.
you deserve to be paid to make people feel like they deserve equal treatment. is that what you want?
maybe give her a little more information?
have you been getting email from your manager at your company?
ah i see. so you are unsure of your abilities?
i think that you are a very good worker and will be able to handle this sort of situation.
i think it may be worth a try.
yes, i can definitely understand how you feel. i also cannot stand it". what do you do when people behave like this?
hello, i'm doing well. what can i help you with today?
oh my goodness! so you were just assuming how much you were getting? did you not know what the terms were?
that's very interesting, what was it about the software that made you want to make a bundle?
i'm so sorry that this happened. it's very difficult when people don't seem to be understanding. how did you feel about it?
what did you think would happen? does he see what you did and decide to work with you?
i think they mean to say that you should feel remorseful, but it could happen again in the future when people get more mature.
there are quite a few legal options out there.
i think you are a valuable resource for future endeavors. have you ever thought about selling the software and making extra cash for your family?
yes, thanks. you seem like a very caring person.
hi there, how are you doing?
i am here to listen and listen as well. what is going on?
how did that help you? what specifically is causing you to feel laid off?
that sounds very hard. i am sorry to hear that you had to deal with that. it is very difficult to deal with something like that, especially if you are going to see someone new as your first job.
i understand that this is something that is a very painful thing to deal with, i am very sorry that you are feeling so low.
i'm very sorry to hear that.. i know it is tough times for all workers at the end of this pandemic. i know it must feel very difficult, but i believe you will find your will and that you are doing the right thing.
if you are comfortable talking to someone else you may be able to help someone find some support. we are very picky creatures when it comes to covid so it would be good to talk about how you are feeling and how you feel about the situation.
it's hard to see how many times we have to think about what we can and can't control, but i believe that you will find it easy to recognize when the opportunity is there. i am sure that you will find a new job and in the future the covid will become your next one.
you have already helped us all. it's so great that you recognize your self__unk__ worth and are willing to work hard for it.
that sounds like a great first step... you can only improve a very simple problem and work very quickly.
that's good to hear! it's great to know that you have a positive attitude to it and that you have an issue with management as well. is there anything you are struggling with at the moment?
i have to work from home. i also have been wearing a mask and receiving some sound" warm calls to a lot of people.
you know i used to believe the 3rd angle, but the common problem is it does not panically turn out the way you want it to. you have a plan in your head and that will make you feel much better. i personally believe the 3rd angle is a good start for you.
well for me, i always buy up to 10 cats a day. i also find it very relaxing to take some walks outside in the park with the animal inside, it's great for our minds and our brains.
in addition, you can find other work that allows you to focus more on whats at home.
you are very welcome. have a good rest of your day.
i am glad that i could help.
bye. take care. god bless you.
oh wow, that seems very difficult. is there something specific that seems bothering you?
a combination of calming and meditation will help.
i did all the time i could remember and every morning.
i couldn't stretch as much but i managed to do full body stretch for about 2 hours. this made it feel like i was at rest all day.
then i tried to do a lot of physical activity everyday which helped a lot in falling a sleep at night.
i would say breathing exercises. it can help with stress and improve physical activity. you can try that, but be sure to record yourself practicing your breathing breathing techniques so you can review the results.
it does help you fall asleep but in reality it takes some time to adapt to the new style
yes you can try all that and see if that works and you can try a new exercise
when i am having trouble sleeping, i try to meditate or deep breathe while awake before i go to bed.
i wasn't happy but that's okay. as long as i did not engage myself in other activities which would feel bad.
are you still there? or is this just a temporary thing?
i'm doing well. i'm good as well. thank you for asking. is there anything that you'd like to talk about today?
what kinds of things do you need help with? and is there something specifically that you want to talk about?
is there a specific kind of job you are looking for?
good i understand. it is bad that you are not the least bit against the current situation.
i understand. it's not like it's just a temporary job though. you're already working with your best judgement.
what kind of work would you be interested in?
yes i think that's always a good idea. it's never a bad idea to take a day or two of practice or talk to people about things you'd like to try. then you'll start to see what works and what isn't.
im not too good with computers, but i think taking a fresh course could give you a lot of free time.
i don't have very much time for that sort of stuff either. i am a creative person and find that learning a new thing is almost always helpful.
those are certainly some small bits of software learning.
yes it could be an excellent first step.
ah well i hope that you do! this has been a hard year for everybody.
hey there, how are you? how are you doing today?
how are you feeling at the moment?
so your best friend said she had an excuse and now you are waiting to hear from her?
i can understand that being hard for you, i have been in a similar situation to you before. it's not easy to support your friend on things like that.
i think that you could give her a bit of a general " how are you feeling, do you feel like this is affecting you in anyway?
i think it's great that she is taking care of herself and your interests so we are all connected. are you sure she's not doing the same thing that you are feeling right now?
that is a very long time to be friends. that's a long time to spend with someone. sometimes we all need some alone time to reflect.
i completely understand and it is definitely a rough time to not find a connection that you would normally enjoy. i think that you are trying the best you can to find the best and be a good friend.
i think you should be able to tell them that you will find a great friend, even if just a little. it's best that you can maintain a friendship with someone else.
if it is just a little bit and not that much then it is fine.
hello, how are you feeling today?
i can understand how you feel. that is a very difficult time..
where do you want to go in the future?
i think that may be a good combination for you - good knowledge of excel, coding, writing and is highly important!
i hear you on that - i definitely think it will be good to dive into some writing.
okay, that's fair, but you can consult your school counselor. they can give you all kinds of help and suggestions on what to look for.
is there anything else that i can help you with?
i wish you the best of luck!
when will you be meeting your professors?
you're welcome! i hope i was able to be of some comfort to you!
is there anything else you wanted to talk about?
i am sorry that i can't help you there. what is your concerns?
is it cold where you are? it's been relatively windy here
they definitely might reduce cases due to the vaccine but they need to see the vaccine be able to conquer the virus in conjunction with the new variants of corona.
yes, covid is really helpful to control the fear of infections and healing.
i can understand being scared of being scared.
the medical regulations saying it can be ignored make me think it's a safe vaccine. it's not too safe, but i wouldn't do it
for instance, i have tried to stay in my house all day and have no luck. it is good that you are remote working and have a limited window of opportunity. are you?
i'm not a whole lot of help or a dad either.
your welcome! we are glad we were able to chat and learn from each other. have a great rest of your day!
of course! thank you for talking!
i am doing well. how may i help you today?
ok. how long have you been disturbed?
so from my point of view, the job market is very hard right now.
well, i'm glad you were able to get to a productive level and learn about the future.
it was very difficult but at the same time, it was very rewarding. that's a great goal.
is there something you'd like to do for yourself to make this more pleasant?
yes, i can definitely relate to that. the tests can be hard to complete. it's hard to adjust to new learning strategies. do you have any friends, family, friends or people that are at your campus that you can talk to about how you feel?
if you don't mind me asking, what is the current stress that you feel about your career? i am sure you are concerned about your future.
yes, everyone does. i'm sure it's frustrating for everyone, but everyone gets an opportunity for a good result in this particular field, and for you to choose one degree that didn't impress anyone in the beginning is a very important part of your overall career.
so you feel obligated to stay and you don't feel like you deserve to have more money? i see.
you have a lot of responsibility and you are not obligated to keep doing the work, right?
one thing i have done in the past, is every once in a while get motivated to change careers or look for new work, but only to find a better job.
i would try to engage myself as much as possible in work as much as possible and then try and train for those tasks.
have you tried using this time as your income relief? you don't have to worry about losing the sweet spot, but you can try to focus on hobbies you enjoy
are you getting a raise? or are you getting stipend?
the old gentleman of family health care probably does too.
i am and also don't feel guilty about leaving either.
what do you think? is it for the best?
what is your major? i know my degree is in geology and it's interesting and interesting.
it's his job to decide what that will mean.
i can understand how you feel about that. have you considered opening your own business? perhaps with some online advertising? there should be lots of options
hello, how are you today? anything in particular that you wanted to discuss?
it is tough. i have been in the same position, i spend most of my time with my family. i know it can be challenging to find the motivation to do a lot of stuff.
sometimes it's not about energy, it's about working hard to make yourself do what you can. i found exercise helped me to become less irritatorated.
my job has been in many jobs where i made a lot of money. i know that makes you feel so hard when you do not get your hours.
i would not be surprised to find that studying proz__unk__ universe meditation, dafe, elgains, etc. makes me so happy!
that sounds like an experience that must be hard, i know that is an addictive feeling.
it sounds like you feel as though that putting yourself in a bad mood has shown to be helpful to your mood and if you are working to put a bit of effort in, i think it will make you feel better.
does it help to be outside everyday?
also, you might find that staying in bed all day will make you feel much better because it allows you to get some fresh air.
do you want to go more into this now?
you're welcome. have a great day!
no problem, i hope you have a great day!
hi! how can i help you today?
i'm sorry. do you have any specific issues?
you need to stand up for yourself because she is not stopping you
would you say that it's good that you had someone to share your concern with? or someone you knew in person?
i hope that this helps, so i hope you will feel less upset if she can find the motivation to get back to work
is there anyone you can be friends with?
maybe she will understand and if she already knows you really are a great woman, she will try to see the other persons work and make sure you all have a happy ending
yes, just tell her that she was never worth your time,
or she will find out, and you have already done the right thing.
i think you need to run off and move on, i think you have done the right thing
do you think she will understand? or do you think you are just feeling too motivated?
i guess you will be fine with just hanging out with her then : ) and if that doesn't work, tell her that you are busy with other things, maybe an online group or call a friend or family member that will talk about something that has been bothering you
just keep busy with your hobbies
no problem! have a good day!
you as well : ). take care
i'm so sorry to hear that. i know that it can be hard to go through this.
that sounds very frustrating. i know you can always seek out better employment if you do indeed have that kind of employment in your area.
my best advice is to focus on you right now. it will help.
yes i have experienced things like that before and it takes strength. i took away from my job and the hard work i had i am grateful for that.
are you able to maintain a good work ethic while you look for new employment? do you feel as though you can achieve success with things you are good at and looking for more?
have a great rest of your day.
not at this time, but just a thought. i've thought about it in the past to see what kind of job i can get and learn a bit about it. there are a lot of free online resources you can use for beginners. perhaps you can try making a local volunteer job that you think of before you move forward.
i definitely recommend doing that! have you checked out any employment sites?
have you tried any self care activities like volunteering?
you're welcome. i am really glad to hear you fell better. is there anything else you would like to discuss with me today?
you too... thanks for the sharing.
bye! i am so glad to hear that. i am happy to help.
i hope i have been able to help
i have happy holidays today and thank you for chatting and would like to continue to stay safe.
hi there, how are you doing today?
i am out of solution, do you want to go ahead and take a look at the upper box.
why do you think it is bad?
why are you upset about your economic situation?
do you have a job lined up that can normally help with budgets?
have you talked to your boss or your parents about this? if they don't know about the situation, how will you fight with them?
great! have you checked into some others? perhaps any of the free online resources?
have you thought about budgets? having to find something in a lot of jobs online can be very overwhelming.
wow, i am glad to hear that. that sounds like a great first step to get a new job.
you are welcome! i know this was incredibly difficult to go through, but it was worth the effort.
that is wonderful. there are always a handful of candidates who could become successful in their jobs. have you considered looking into getting some experience as part of the new job?
my pleasure! thank you for sharing your story!
good, how are you feeling now? is there something you can think of that i can help you with?
what's causing you to be tired?
oh i see. so i hear you saying you find it difficult to function as well as previously? what causes you to want to behave like that?
well, i would say that it might be something physical. what are some of your favorite ways to keep yourself in and recover?
i would say it's much more likely that it's a health issue - the brain tends to sleep all night because the body gets tired enough to do so - i've heard of people getting in hot wods of coffee and sleeping all night, though i've never tried it!
i really hope that your doctor sees you doing your best to help yourself, and that things like this does not improve how you feel at all. have you had a conversation with your doctor about this?
well, exercise can also be accomplished by working on yourself.
i see. you've probably already covered the basics of daily routine then. i see. it is good that you feel relaxed now.
do you have a laptop that you are using that is at your side when you go to sleep? if so, like i said, you may be experiencing some stress from the rest of your day. do you have a way to comfort yourself with an empathize?
that sounds very nice! sometimes meditation can help to relax and wake you up if you take the right before bed steps.
nice! do you have any problems with eating? i am a little picky with eating during the day.
there are guided meditation services available. you can try using those to get a good sleep pattern and motivation, it can be really beneficial.
have you ever tried to wear different pajamas while sleeping? or a fan or something?
you are very welcome, have a wonderful night!
are you taking any break from your job until you can get your rest?
you as well! good luck!!
i am very sorry to hear that. i understand why this would be a good time to feel depressed. can you tell me a little more about it?
why do you think your close friend died?
oh that is a terrible feeling. they have had many life experience that they must be feeling.
is there something that can help you stay healthy?
oh i can understand how that feels. especially since he was passing away.
there are many people who experience these issues with losing a loved one. are there any immune mechanisms that prevent this?
i've actually heard of someone having a laugh on the phone during a traumatic experience. do you think that's something you could look into?
have you thought about talking to a church counselor? sometimes they can help with the concerns of someone you are close to.
that is definitely scary. do you have any safe surroundings in your room?
that's true, even though he's afraid of you, he has invited you on his own room.
it's not likely he will harm you, just let your mind know that your friend is away, because what he's telling you is doubtful.
you sound really intelligent and interested in yourself! i can tell that you're doing everything you can to be strong!
hi, how are you doing? i'm not here to listen to you right now.
that's horrible! i know it's rough at times, but remember that you can get through this!
what sort of questions have you had?
oh no! that is very scary. i can feel the tension in your system is so high right now.
it sounds like that would help you to know how you can relax at that time. you have a lot of projects and classes you can choose from.
that sounds like a great career! i'm so happy you are feeling at least semi - accomplished! that sounds like an awesome combination!
no way! it sounds like you are absolutely set for life. i know it's hard, but being in college doesn't mean you have to work towards perfection. so maybe it would benefit you to have a more positive outlook?
have you thought about working until you are finished with school?
it is okay. you can do it! you are trying to get ahead of yourself.
that is great that you are struggling, and it is a great sign that your mental health is very fresh.
i really hope that you are able to achieve your goal! thank you for talking to me!
i am so happy to hear that! you are doing your best and you will soon find the perfect path!
i'm sorry. what's bothering you?
you deserve someone that doesn't treat you like that.
you might want to try and talk to someone close to you who could help you if you feel stressed out.
i know how hard it can be to control your weight. you are an amazing family and husband and you can get you through this. maybe you need to talk with him and then maybe try to learn how to control your eating habits and control your diet?
i can see why that is frustrating. family members can be just as hateful and hateful.
as long as you have a supportive family then there is no reason to put down your kids, let alone be the 680pound you should be. do you feel comfortable doing a 12 hour work__unk__ __unk__ out every morning?
i feel the same way. i had a fair amount of control over my weight and didn't get to continue eating as much as i should have, but i did understand the frustration when i first started. i think a lot of it has to do with inexperience.
i was able to eliminate the sugar which was a big reason why i was trying to cut out those habits. what other sort of food do you like?
ah! it is my understanding that the only thing that could change your quality of life is seeing your body outside the norm.
i understand. do you have any family there?
i can see how frustrating that would be.
hi there! how are you doing today?
what is wrong? do you want to tell me?
tell me what's bothering you right now
i hear you, personally i am very well capable of making decisions for myself
i get that as well, i am glad he is starting to get more active. have you considered seeking some counseling for it?
i understand that, just don't let the heated stuff bring her attention and get her into the lies you are fed.
might be worth inviting her to take the survey?
well, perhaps you could show her how you feel that you are keeping your sorcses- true but damaging for her at the same time.
she probably doesn't want to see that she is being ripped off so she is being ignored...
ah, it seems like your situation is more your concern, not yours. that has got to be frustrating.
is there anything else i can help you with today?
bye. i hope you have a good rest of your day as well.
hello, how are you doing today?
do you have a problem with depression or other issues?
i am so sorry that happened. did you have the right to join his group?
i would say talking to someone when you feel down and frustrated is the best thing. you can do it in your free time, it might help to talk to someone close to you. maybe a therapist?
is there anything else you'd like to talk to me about? it might be helpful to write down some highlights or strategies that help you go to work.
ah, he seems really controlling. is it possible for you to spend some extra money for him?
that is a very hard situation to deal with. i can totally understand your feelings about him wanting you to stop spending. however, i am sure you can make a great deal of money in a short period of time from this.
there are many ways to get a support network. sometimes just helping others can be helpful.
i'm here. how may i help you today?
i am glad i could help. take care.
you are welcome!! i am very happy to help.
i am glad you are feeling better.
would you like to talk about it?
i understand. it seems like you are getting frustrated that you aren't starting up your work. i understand how that feels. what about something like, taking a break from work? is that something you can do and then start?
i hear you.. there are some interpersonal abilities we don't speak about, right?
hmm. that does sound a little frustrating. it's easy to think you have trouble, but then i'm confused. is it your class specifically that's having issues? or is it the professor's fault?
what's making you anxious about not getting the results?
yes, sometimes it is best to approach yourself in the right direction! if you're anxious about it, the right approach might help you and you may feel better.
meditation is good, it is very effective and sometimes feels so good
what are you feeling anxious about at the moment?
it's not for everyone but my parents didn't give any reason for why they were pressuring me.
i can't completely see the problem in that aspect, maybe it's as simple as the fact that not everyone is as fortunate as you are
you're welcome! have a great day!
i also press quit, thank you for allowing me to press quit : )
thank you __unk__ d i am glad to help
sorry to hear that, is there something specifically in your life that you are unhappy about?
i'm sorry to hear that. would you mind sharing with me what happened in the past?
i'm really sorry to hear that, is there anything that you've done that would normally make you feel this way?
i have been able to communicate about things that i enjoy in a way that helps me get some relief in addition to sadness.
ok i see, so you have parents, who care about you and your issues?
that sounds really difficult. have you talked about this with any of your family?
do you feel that you two have learned to get along naturally?
i'm glad you're not afraid to share any of your feelings with your girlfriend. would it be possible to talk to them about it?
oh awesome, i'm glad you have the time to do that!
i hope it's making you feel a little better... it sounds like that might be part of the problem!
of course. i hope you have a wonderful day!
are you in the uk or europe?
is it difficult to find someone in your life you like?
just hang in there, the time will pass. stay strong!
is it possible to develop a friendship with your spouse as well?
that's completely understandable. i'm not making suggestions for you. just want to help you out a little and give you some advice.
and be kind to yourself. you need to start building the relationship.
hello, how are you doing today?
you cannot finsh your studies due to depression
that's a difficult situation to be in. do you think it would benefit to take a small break and then try again?
some studies are completely inside the work and also you just need to relax
try to be very confident and study more before studying
i think you should try to get more online classes
maybe there is a way for you to make sure you are ready for the exam
it gives you confidence and get yourself in a better position for school
yes of course i like to take gym class to study and then maybe i take one day of it each day
no problem, take lots of yoga to clear your mind, lots of snacks, food
you will be perfect, just be yourself, a person who has to live with the fear.
bye! your welcome!!!!
hi! how are you feeling today?
what's going on? can you tell me more?
it sounds like you are nervous about everything. why are you scared?
yes i do enjoy calculus. that class is one of the hardest classes i have taken so i'm confident you can do it. i can feel how hard it's going to be for you.
i can understand that, that is something to be proud of.
hmm, i don't have experience with students in other classes like that, but i've taken higher level tests that i struggled with in high school. what grade would you like?
well, it's okay to be scared. do you have any other friends?
yes, and i have a feeling that will end soon. this pandemic has been really making things difficult for everyone. do you feel as though you can't keep going or did you still struggle financially for a while?
unfortunately i have no idea who else will
did you talk to your friends about it? maybe they could learn from them?
yes, the enquiries are always great and great at giving you a lot of help. but remember that your grades are important and it doesn't mean you can't get hurt in the long run. you just have to make sure you keep applying yourself.
yes! pass that step!!!
thank you, i am so glad that i was able to help. i hope i have helped you a little!
i can understand why. how have you been dealing with your finals?
it must be nerve wrecking for you.
have you tried a tutor? __unk__ what about your friends, etc?
that is a rough start, i know it's hard, but it definitely gets easier in time.
in covid i've found that doing a daily vigorous walk in the evenings has really helped. i have found that the covid has really helped my body so much.
so sorry to hear that __unk__ that's great!
i'm so glad you are feeling a bit better. do you have any physical therapist that you could talk to?
it's awesome that you can participate in the pandemic! it's always a great way to stay connected with people. do you have anything you want to talk to?
i know your situation well. however, being home is always helpful!
i think you're right that your mom is doing a great job of being your parent, helping you keep on getting through this tough time and keeping your mind busy.
ah that's so great! covid is terrible and your parents are making sure that you stay healthy and healthy!
is there anything going on with your day?
yes. i can imagine. i wish you all the best.
that sounds like a great plan. it's good you're handling everything.
is there anything else i can help you with today?
that's really helpful. what kind of holiday are you staying with them for?
is your family supportive of you in any way?
oh that's rough. it's been a bit of a tough year these days.
what are your chances of passing the finals?
sounds like a wonderful finals season you have going on.
that's great! anyway, is there anything you'd like to talk about?
is there anything else i can help with?
thank you. : ) i hope i can be of some comfort to you now.
good luck! you also have to finish everything from this very end.
i think we're just going to have to figure out a way to meet in person. no matter how far we go.
what brings you here? is there anything specific that i can help you with today?
how may i help you? please explain what is going on in your life?
i can understand that, this pandemic has been very scary and it has been making me anxious too.
how would you feel if you had that amount of money and could not find a job?
is there anyone you can talk to to get help?
oh no. i'm sorry to hear that.
not having an option is a very bad thing. unfortunately it is a very common issue in our life now. you are not alone. i hear you though!
yeah if you haven't seen anyone else then that could be a good place to start
no, i have never had a friend who lost one. have you?
i am glad you are able to get a new one now, with the pandemic out, we really will only get better
i have been a it worker before, i don't think you are going to be a great fit.
you are very welcome, good luck!
you are welcome! take care of yourself and stay positive!
i am sorry : ) you have a lovely day too
i will thank you : ) good luck!
i hear you! i really hate it when news makes me anxious too. have you spoken to anyone about it?
the negative news is not helping the pandemic at all!
have you reached out to family members and even the pastor that you may join.
there is a reason for that! i am thinking the same. when it comes to vaccines i think it should not be taken very seriously.
when covid comes, i think it will be best to try to remain busy and rested. this is a normal fear and anxiety.
i've found that if i make a plan to prepare for the vaccine, i can manage that because it's helping me find a plan that works best for me. i try to write down where i'm coming from and that it will definitely help with your mental health.
i would suggest choosing one of those suggested measures that make your job more fulfilling.
yes, exposure therapy is a great way to free yourself from stressful situations. you may be surprised at how long you can continue that process with your friends.
thank you for sharing your perspective. i think it's a great idea to reach out to others who are struggling and vent to them. it can be like the voices in their heads are angry too. i am sure there is a way to help you. it's one of the first step.
any way i could help you if you'd like? do you have an office you can fill out?
how about people, you can buy yourself a fantastic blanket, a nice bottle of wine, a stew skin bath, a fishing boat, a whiskey bottle of water, a shop used to have live action tables, a news cycle, a grocery store, grocery stores, and several city blocks of shopping malls.
now you should try to stay away from public speaking.
take some deep breaths and aim the spread" as well. you can usually feel a cue coming through and the key is a strong sound.
of course. your relationship with your friends and your partner can be a huge issue.
yes i feel the same way : )
no problem at all! i hope you have a nice night!
hello, i am good, how are you doing?
that's great to hear! is there anything you'd like to talk about?
i'm so sorry to hear that! that really sucks, especially since you have a child
is there anything else you'd like to talk about?
do you have people to talk to?
well, i am here to listen if you need some support. it sounds like you have a great community in your neighborhood and believe in us!
unfortunately, it sounds like you are just out to get her, and i know that you're going through so much to come through this.
it sounds like you are extremely trustworthy of your support for being in such a great place. it is very good that you're completely comprehend that and such a blessed thing for her! i do feel that you have a large amount of insight into the situation as well, and really know what you are doing. is there anything else you can help her with?
i am proud of you! i am sure you will do great!
of course! merry christmas! and to you as well!
have a great holiday season!!!
merry christmas to you!!!!
why is that? i'm sorry to hear that.
oh no, so that is making you feel really angry. but is he leaving?
i know that it's difficult, but it is really good that you found help. i am so sorry you are going through that
it sounds like he has cut you off completely.
that's awful! would you be willing to extend a visit if you were able to?
it sounds like you are very dedicated to her, but it might be best to work with her, and if that doesn't work, find a way to move in together or find a new place! it is always good to have a partner in the family who is dedicated to you and loves you. is there anyone else you can talk to?
if that makes you feel any better, that i'm pretty sure you are doing the right thing, for sure! i wish you all the very best in looking for a way forward to christmas!
if that is all you need, you can try to work on yourself! try to find yourself comfortable with your family and friends by any means necessary for each of you to get through this safely.
you have to come back from the trip, but please don't be too hard on yourself if it doesn't improve. i know how hard it can be.
hello, how are you? why not return during covid?
are you in school already or did you stay until covid?
i am sorry, it is good that you are able to do that. have you tried using free public and private sub__unk__ meetings?
i can totally relate, i went through similar feelings too.
i understand that you are anxious about restarting your school but you are also pressuresed by the fact that you have not finished it. do you think that the recruiter at your school could possibly help?
i'm sure if you show that you have faith in your studying and dedication to your studies, that will keep the number of cases down. however, you may also be able to learn a bit, just get a better understanding of the class, that will allow you to go for your best and get the best result.
i don't know, you can always put yourself in the online study group. have you tried looking at local highschools in your area? perhaps an online college too?
so you are feeling stressed and stressed out about your studies? have you tried to get ahead of your studies?
hmm, i see. are there any tutors you can loan out for relatively cheap?
thank you and good night, i'm glad you had some fun with it!
i am sorry to hear that. why are you sad?
what are you sad about? have you guys talked about why you are sad?
i'm so sorry that happened to you, the spamming that you did last night probably got to you really close. how long ago did this happen?
do you feel like you should be able to trust your husband even though you feel he's not?
you can always reach out if you need to vent. you deserve to have a positive conversation with someone who will listen.
i am very sorry to hear that, i would not want to see my own children or family in such a situation. i wish you all the very best.
i'm glad i could help. my heart goes out to you.
you are welcome, good luck! i hope this goes well and everything works out for you and your family!
thank you, i'm glad i could help!
i am so sorry that you are feeling sad. can you tell me what is causing you to feel this way?
what type of food is it? i know i am very sorry to hear that. are you eligible for disability support as well?
you have had your problems fixed for years before this event?
that is understandable, many people would feel like that with some degree of isolation. do you feel as though you are secure?
so is there anything else on your mind that you are ashamed of?
it's great that you are reaching out to help and making a choice, but it's certainly not healthy to engage in the thumb standard behavior of your family. if you can't find some money, you're going to need to be somewhere a lot more willing to help.
you are welcome! i hope you are feeling a bit better after speaking with them!
i am very happy i can help. i hope things improve for you soon!
i know you are feeling isolated and the first step in creating a new standing with society is to be not ashamed about how you feel.
i'm glad i could help. it's also important to remember that we are all human. we all can struggle, but you can make it through this.
i hope this is helpful for you. please do not be ashamed to seek help from someone else.
have you considered doing some volunteering for a family members church? maybe get something you enjoy doing and there are lots of groups where you can meet people with similar concerns.
but i am sure that if you step out of your comfort zone that things will be easier : )
you too : ) i know you will do it
how are you? i hope you are doing well.
what is making you feel this way?
are they having issues with their credit cards? i am here if you are.
yes i am here. sorry to hear about that. what do you think you might be able to spend the extra money on for them?
have you checked into a project like this? perhaps you can find a list of websites you are familiar with, like kindle or amazon.
yea, i feel bad for not being able to do more crafts but i know it's just so hard right now. for me i had my dog that used to rustle around and used to do little wheelchairs or things like that, and that i had to cut them down and get new ones which i've seen others do now. it really can feel like you can't do anything at all at times.
that's a good idea! it sounds like a fun experience, it may not hurt to get a snack to keep you spirits from __unk__ d
maybe the idea of crafting into a holiday christmas present while you guys are figuring out how to make them feel happy makes them feel like they are going to enjoy christmas so much!
it is really fun! you can always cook them!
i definitely feel like that would help. then they can explore their creative side and see the good things they can come up with!
i don't think you need to show them how you look to them! i think its great that you are doing that!
that's great! i know some parents feel that way, and i think that would help to reremind them of that too. is there anything else you'd like to talk about?
you're most welcome, i hope you get back to me once you have all the big presents!
how can i help you today? is there anything you would like to discuss?
are you friends with someone else? or did you already talk to them?
she is ignoring you so you are sad to be so ignore her.
if your friends ignored you why can they still give you money, is that right?
ok good thanks for talking. would you like to talk about what you would like to talk about?
you can have friends when you are sad and make them feel good
sometimes, people are there to listen and help you.
what kind of things can you make friends with?
ok no problem. have a good night
yes okay thanks for talking and good luck
thank you so much for talking about it.
bye! you too!!!!!!!!!
hello, how are you doing today?
can you tell me more about your description?
the incident with your friend? are you from around these times?
i am a female, and i identify as a woman
that is great to hear. i am female. i also find it difficult to get in a fight because i have a lot of experience with people. you should check out the old man show with the hot 97 $ ebay to help solve the problem.
i would say it does. i understand it hurts.
i think they are interested in seeing how you can talk to others while avoiding anything and possibly hurting each other.
you seem very mature for your age. i think this woman might be challenging for you.
that sounds like so much trouble, what makes you feel the way you do now?
that does sound very terrible. are you able to tell me what kind of things are going on with her?
from what you've been saying, i can see why this situation is stressful to you.
i think you are perfectly entitled to your feelings and feelings. you are the people that have every right to them. you are being the important part of this child's life. i don't think she is being a bad parent at all.
no problem! i wish you all the best with your future future!
yes, it's great you have someone to look for.
why do you think you can't do well in school?
do you feel that you are doing well in school or are you getting dropped out?
what exactly are the exertions you are feeling from home?
i know that you can do it.
yes i am a student at home myself
that's too bad. have you tried reaching out to your school's parents? maybe you can put one of your friends in touch with the school counselor?
i can tell just from this short chat how upset you are.
if that is what you feel like, then that's not a big deal. it might be worth talking to a teacher and getting your problems out there.
do you have any friends who you can talk to about it?
that sounds like a great hobby. my friend who's been in the same situation also loves to sing.
haha, i hope your parents will listen. i know that you can find them outside of school.
in my case i have tried all of this too. it was very helpful and kept my calm.
have you tried to speak to them and see if they can listen?
i think that this may be a really hard thing to do. but i think that there are people out there that are trying to improve your life! i think it would be great that you talk to them about it.
it's important to recognize that you are at your best when you approach them. i have felt the same way myself and felt the same way about my friends and family. it took time, but it's worth it. you can do this!
no problem! i hope everything works out for you!
you're very welcome! enjoy your day!
i'm fine and yourself? what brings you here?
why were you dumped? and what's your reason for feeling that way?
just spend some time with friends. you guys will meet again.
so you are saying you feel that you are not getting enough attention from women?
it does make you feel bad but i feel that everyone feels bad for me so i am feeling the same way.
i have been with others who have been gone a long time. they think they are better but don't know what to do.
i like that. also, it might help to give your relationship more time.
what do you think? you could ask for a sat lunch date, or even breakfast dinner. or go out for some coffee and candy. what kinds of things do you like to do in your free time?
good thinking! i wish you all the best in the future.
no problem. it is a crazy time for everyone. i think you can do this!
how are you feeling today? how may i help you today?
are you feeling sad or anxious at the moment?
i am familiar with how difficult it can be to get out of bed during these days. do you have any problem with it at all?
are you doing okay? i know that it has been hard for you, but know that this is the root cause.
i hope that i have been able to help you and that you will feel better soon!
you should talk to him to get your stress off. what are you having trouble with right now?
he sounds like a great partner. that's great that you're able to get some time outside, it sounds like you have found a good fit.
that is great! at least you've got this out there. hopefully your job allows you to create a healthy house and garden for your son. my husband could use some help right now.
perhaps you could ask your daughter to talk to your husband about her health and making her spend time outside with her granddaughter.
and i'm sure your kids appreciate your kind words.
i wish you all the best in your future and wishes!
that is a great goal to set.
hi. how are you doing? how can i help you today?
i'm sorry to hear that. what's going on?
do you have any issues with the divorce?
i understand, i've also been through something like that. i'm sorry to hear about your divorce. you sound like you have been through it all, it's no wonder you're trying to deal with it.
it sounds like you are in a very difficult situation. i know how difficult it is to not see your loved ones when you are around.
the great thing about zoom is that it's always good to reach out for support.
in the past i've visited my own family but these days it's hard to have anyone visit.
it sounds like you're going to enjoy the time you will have to take care of them.
was it hard for them to visit you in the cold months?
it was my pleasure! it was so nice to chat with you. i am confident that there will be some conversation with you soon.
well, you definitely do seem to feel a little meh about this issue.
can you tell me why they care about you?
maybe they are not seeing you as a person who cares about you? if they do not they are not worth your time.
have you tried seeking people who share similar interests with you? that is the best way to establish the connection is to find individuals who share similar interests with you.
don't be upset with yourself. just recognize that you like what you like and that is all that is worth.
so you can give the interest to people you do not know.
you are welcome to express yourself however you want. that is very valuable.
sure, there are many groups on askmen. you can find some that are more into ship and relations than board games or join one.
yes, there are many kinds of clubs out there. for example, there are over 4 million approved clubs out there.
yes, there are definitely social consequences. it's important to remember that everyone is going through the same thing at some point in their lives. just from this we can all know we are well upon our feet! we are the only ones who can help you build your connect.
that is very understandable. i can understand your concern. are you in a school community?
don't worry. have a great day!
__unk__ not likely! ) try not to worry about it. it will happen to everyone.
same here. it is always great to start small.
i am sorry to hear that. is there anything specific that is wrong with your children?
i am sorry to hear that. that can be very difficult to have children listen to you
you are upset because your child doesn't do what you want them to do
do you chat with your friends? have them, or family family
i want to help you with your problems just stay calm
how is your christmas now? have you talked to them about their pandemic
you have to teach yourself to them when they need help with their study.
thats ok. you have to study more
maybe you can get their phones if you let them to
make sure you have video games to listen to when they want to study
buy today. i wish you the best in today
why are you going through a breakup with your boyfriend?
i am so sorry to hear that. would you like to talk about it?
i'm sorry to hear that.
i can understand how you are feeling, as i have went through a bad breakup and it has hurt quite a bit. my suggestion is to focus on accomplishing what you can while you can and don't let anyone else affect you.
i understand how you feel. perhaps that is something you can focus on. you said that you are focusing on moving on and figuring your life out. that is something that takes work, and is causing a problem.
i can completely understand how you are feeling. you need to step back and realise that you deserve better.
i think it is great that you are taking that part of your studies and being able to focus on other areas of your life. sometimes we just need to take some time to take those steps and it sounds like you are working through a lot of hard work.
definitely! it's important to remember that you will be successful at the job you have and that you can continue your studies despite what everyone says.
you're welcome. you have a great day and i hope you have a great rest of your week.
i hope that you can find some support from your school counselor who is able to help you. i am sure you will feel a lot better after talking.
exactly. you are not alone. have a wonderful holiday season.
i know it will! i know this will pass.
just stay positive. i will pray for you to make the most of your time.
hi, how are you doing? can i talk to you in a pm
how are you doing today???
what subject is your senior year in?
i see. can you find support in anyone in your situation?
i understand that. i am going to be challenging myself in finding a job as well.
oh i see, so you feel like you have to transfer your graduate transcripts, because you cannot complete them?
that is a fair opinion to hold. do you understand why you are continuing to struggle in this situation?
that can be very stressful, have you tried speaking to your financial aid advisor about the situation?
you can use a loan to take on debt online and try to pay it off sooner rather than later.
she will get it done and you can submit and find a doctors office
oh ok i see it has to be a form from your doctor that you can take
i am sorry i didn't mean to suggest a medical release form but i understand.
im sure he will give you some time for your studies
does he have programs in va hospitals that you could try?
is there any way you can try to take a loan while you are still at college and see if they would help you?
that is tough but i would do your best to connect with a tutor
you too! goodbye! happy holidays!
i am glad i could help you. merry christmas
good luck with your studies and please reach out if you need help again
hello, how are you doing today?
i am good thanks.. how are you?
i feel that way for all of us
how long ago did this happen? was it long term?
have you tried talking to a girl since she broke up with you?
you are doing it the right way it's okay
oh i can see how that would be frusterating
so it sounds like you and your boyfriend went over christmas, do you get the joke?
that sounds like a bad idea honestly.
you can try getting her back again now just make sure you have the courage to move on
you are definitely not alone in this feeling of disappointment with the breakup and failing it
i know you can find better ways but keep your head up
i am good. do you have any problems with your head?
it sounds like you are worried your job will not find out? would you like to tell me more about this?
ah, do you think it is hard for you to manage it?
first of all, i understand the concern you are having, and it is totally understandable. so do you understand what you are going through? do you understand how stressful it can be to be drinking at work?
do you want your doctor to point you in the direction of something that could be helpful?
i think it is worth talking to your employment process about something you feel is important.
that will probably solve the problem too. have you tried other suggestions for support or therapy for yourself?
is it possible for you to move on and not be fired for being anxies"? if not what about options like if your coworkers discuss this, that might help to clear some space for you to talk about your issues
there are some programs you can use to help take care of your job. maybe it is a good idea to see if that there are any policies that help reduce your employment anxiety.
i think it is important to not assume that. but it is easy to see that as an easy thing to ignore. just be honest with your employer and ask for time off for someone who is more than capable of discussing you in a professional setting.
no problem at all. have a good day!
that's one way to get through the process. is there anything else you'd like to talk about?
i would suggest taking deep breaths and using a breathing mask to relieve stress for the duration. it can help to calm down a bit and let people feel a bit more it.
have you tried chest pains? it's an affect on a person, not an environment.
you've come to enjoy the short time where you've been let go. i can feel your feelings.
for example, in my country, we have free hospital, but still not enough people to make it to any holiday season : (
lol it's very social there too, many people are on medication.
oh im in the uk and we can get free therapy too : ) : )
yeah, it's been a great year for human rights and such.
oh i'm sorry : ) thank you for sharing your story with me, i am so glad you might be able to listen to me!
thank you very much and best wishes : )
you can do it from your side. __unk__ until the end of time you can still press quit from your side
hello, how are you doing today?
hello, i'm doing good! how can i help you today?
i can understand that. do you have any issues with your friends?
i am sorry to hear that. it sounds like you are having an argument because you didn't feel ready for the battle.
that sounds like they aren't being super helpful. you will find them very nice. tell them you are proud of them and they will change as soon as they start arguing.
hmm. is there anyone else involved in this argument that may have upset you?
sounds like you made the correct decision. this does not go one way or the other.
you can do that but if they are not taking it as an option, then they are not your true friends and should be ignoring you
of course, i hope i was able to be helpful to you.
have a great time, and don't be to hard on yourself, everything will be okay.
you too! bye!!!!!!!!
you have to press quit first, this will lead to you not getting a message from them.
hello, how are you today? what is on your mind?
i am okay. is there anything that's bothering you?
there's nothing wrong with feeling sad, it's natural. you're doing your best to get to where you want to be at. can you feel a little more motivated now?
__unk__ i understand. do you have anyone who you can lean on? sometimes it helps to take your mind off things.
it's okay to be stressed and anxiety seeking that little motivation. one thing you can do to prepare and live a healthy life is make it known that you are working hard. at least in this time, you will have a career that you really want.
i also struggle with validation, we should chat again soon.
it is a really hard time for everyone. but you can do it.
it can also make a big difference in a relationship!
it will also help you keep your motivation up.
have a wonderful day! you got this!
wonderful. i am happy to help. __unk__ have a nice day!
you too. stay safe!!!
oh no, that's a big bummer. was there anything specific on the paper you had in mind for the paper?
i am sorry to hear that. are you able to get any guidance from the teacher?
what did the paper provide you? i am sorry to hear you got a bad grade.
do you think your grade will improve after you complete the paper?
maybe someone else can help you out?
have you thought of possibly getting an advisor or teacher to help you study?
ok do you have any friends in your class who could help you with your assignments?
so you already got a grade above but it's still supposed to be a 1% grade?
your welcome, good luck! you can do it!
no problem! __unk__ no worries, it was my pleasure! i hope everything turns out well for you!
that's so great that you think that, i am a bit afraid i can't help you today but i wish you the very best!
no problem! have a nice day!
merry christmas to you too!!!
oh dear! sorry to hear that. i can't seem to find a job right now because of this pandemic. is there anything specific that you can try searching for?
do you feel like you've dealt with this tight time differently in terms of job? or did this first make you feel more comfortable with the position that you were in?
is there something in particular that you would like to do to help you financially support your family? or are there other options in order to make a difference?
i hear that. so you're working for a company near you that is directly related to the cliche. maybe you can take a course at a local grocery store or simply on the street to experience jobs for a while. you should also try looking online and getting connections. maybe searching online places to work with people in your field.
when have you been at that job?
indeed. there are lots of opportunities in the industry. i think you will find something.
sounds like you have your plan on it.
i am sure it will help. most of us are already in that position, i think. i think you will be fine. and i think you will find a better job.
is it possible that you could access some field work and start looking for a new job? perhaps find a work > private travel boat?
i am happy to help if i can. sometimes we all have to wait for the release of the next holiday, but don't be discouraged. you will meet a new career opportunity!
great. it's good you have a good handle on your situation.
were you able to work before? are there any chances of getting a job soon?
i'm very happy to hear that. is there anything else i can help you with today?
your welcome. hope things work out for you.
oh wow, sorry to hear that.
can you tell me more about it?
that sounds extremely hard. i understand that must be a stressful situation. do you have any way to directly involve them?
well what about this situation is making you feel that you cannot tolerate injustice?
that sounds very frustrating. it is a toxic situation. you are not the only one who is experiencing this. are you feeling ghetter" about this situation?
so you are concerned that your colleagues feel that your colleagues are underappreciated? is this correct?
are you working from home? it sounds like it's been happening for a while
it is not a reflection of how much you can handle the situation, but rather how much you can prepare for it.
that sounds like a great idea. it seems that your team members don't care about your feelings and concerns. is that accurate?
i hope you and your colleagues have a good work flow. i hope they do.
you too. stay safe and stay strong.
hi, how are you? is there anything you wanted to talk about today?
how are you today? what can i help you with today?
i am sorry to hear that. what seems to be wrong?
why do you feel like you are losing your job?
so in other words, you are afraid you are going to lose your job.
you can try reaching out to those who are working toward similar jobs.
well, you would need to speak to your supervisor, and you can help take the information from them as you may have. it is not right to feel like your supervisor wasn't talking to you.
have you talked to your boss about this?
i think this is the right time to practice hobbies! it is something that you can do with the time you have on your hands. also, as long as you are trying to maximize your time, it is good to talk to your supervisor about this. have you tried talking to the company?
it sounds like this is a great time to work out what is making you feel nervous. do you have any hobbies that you enjoy?
you're most welcome! glad that i could help!
i would like to know where you are going...
i enjoy to garden and learn new techniques! i'm also a great ballet roleplaying coach.
same here! it was nice to meet you.
wow that's really awesome! i am in california.
do you like to do other things than gaming?
when you say they do not see you as a human, what do you mean?
i can understand how you feel. i am not there for you, but please understand that you are doing this for a reason, a future bright future, you are doing the right thing by treating yourself that way. you are capable of accomplishing whatever the people need you to do.
do you think there are a lot of times you are treated like this when you are seeing your fellow students as a pro__unk__ plemised member?
are there any study groups that you can join and form a group of peers who both share the same feelings?
you can try and take a trip to a park and visit some park stuffs to feel a bit better.
i wish you well! i think you can do this!
i think you will do great. this is a hard year but i think you will do well!
i know it can be difficult, especially if you don't know if you've been through a lot or not. you sound like a nice person. i hope you continue to work your way up.
what led to your hard work being burned?
you are welcome, i hope it was helpful.
hi there! how are you doing?
i'm ok. what is going on?
it sounds like your body is getting tired and confused. do you need to rest up for that?
have you ever tried trying to lay down and relax in your sleep? i found it to be helpful at night. sometimes i can actually feel my self relax in a sense, or in a sense that the blood can be dark and take my mind of it.
i have done yoga and it's difficult, but the meditative breathing is another form of exercise that can be very helpful.
i understand. i'm glad to hear that you are feeling better by talking to someone. do you have any friends that you can talk to about this?
you may also be able to find that talking to someone can be helpful in relaxing your anxiety and when you have a warm bath, it can sometimes help you clear your head and reduce the stress.
if that's the case i think you can use meditation and a vitamin d supplement to clear your head.
i can definitely understand how that would be difficult. i think that if you try the regular routine, it can be a great way to cope with the anxiety.
what exercises do you do? do you do anything else?
do you have a good youtube channel or have a website where you can check out exercises that you find helpful?
i'm sorry to hear that. i completely understand where you're coming from. i also spend a lot of time at home too. it's great that you're taking classes and doing actual work. a lot of people get sick at school, especially with how stressed and stressed you are.
is it nice to be alone right now?
you're very welcome! is there anything else that i can help you with?
you're very welcome! thank you for reaching out and expressing your feelings!
no problem. i hope you have a great day!
thank you for sharing your feelings with me, too. __unk__ d
you are welcome! i hope you have a wonderful day too!
hi. how are you doing today?
good. i am sorry to hear that. whats bothering you?
does he know you're breaking up with him?
i hear you on that. things have to change eventually, right?
i understand... __unk__ you are the one who is having the problem... so you are not alone. but i would like you to know that there is someone out there to help and there is someone to really help you.
are you still talking to him? i know that sounds difficult to hear but it is true.
no need to look for divorce support groups, you are better off without them, i think. but if you stay strong, maybe you will find someone who will care enough to get you through this difficult time, even if it is just a short time before the next breakup.
as you see it, time will get better and better. patience is the best medicine.
have you tried any different methods to get on your feet? talk with your friends or agencies and see if you can work on joining some activities with your local community.
it is okay to be upset. we all have grieves, we just can't control them.
hi there, how are you doing?
why do you say that? is there something specific going on?
so you have a lot of knowledge about cruise industry?
ah i see. i know a lot of people were worried about losing their jobs due to covid.
i completely understand how frustrating that can be, i am also in a similar situation where there's a lot of unknown being out there and we just have to pray to god that nothing will happen to make it not get better.
you should address your boss and suggest that they all see the same potential unknowns. hopefully that will do the trick, even if they are just having a bad conversation.
is there anything in particular that you'd like to talk to a professional about? maybe maybe you could look into retraining, it can be helpful to be proactive and empathetic.
very true, it's been a crazy year, but i think that we all have these moments that make us try to give ourselves an easier path to success.
it's certainly helpful to have a backup plan though, as it can lead to problems for everyone.
you'll definitely get some that way. maybe not with working for so long, but hopefully sooner than later. i've always wanted to volunteer as a first worker and not really make any money for it but i've always thought it might not be for me. i had no idea how to do it.
thanks, you're more than welcome!
it was a pleasure! hope you're doing better tonight.
wow thats great news! how did you come up with that?
i can imagine you are feeling like that. are you a student?
then maybe you should try talking to your doctor about it
i was a freelance construction worker in college. i had to take days off each week to do my work and wait for employment.
how are you currently saving for it?
you can also go for video chatting.
you have to feel confident with your chances. have you ever thought about moving to somewhere that was hiring?
good luck, i hope you find something soon.
you are very welcome. you are welcome
have a good night! good luck!
sure of course. please tell me about it.
you are placed on the corner of the table and they only put you before them? why do you feel like you were used?
i see. have you done anything to increase your friendship with your friend?
if you feel like you are being used, is there something specific that is causing you to feel this way?
you would likely have a difficult time dealing with this if you had not talked to them.
i can understand why that would upset you. i have had a friend who was very similar to that and it can cause us to get overwhelmed.
i would suggest having the conversation with them in a calm voice rather than yelling.
no, i can understand why you would not want to be available in that situation, but i will definitely agree that you should not let this happen. in addition, i think you should make an effort to take things one step at a time. i think you have done everything you can to prepare yourself for this, so you know what you can do.
yes, that is a great idea! i've tried something similar myself and that worked for me too.
you are very welcome. it has been a pleasure to talk with you.
hello. how are you doing today?
merry christmas to you too. have a good one!
how may i help you today? can i help you with something?
what is the worst that can happen?
first off this is true what do you mean by v__unk__ eing this down spiral?
i understand depression is so hard i am a clinical psychologist and i know how hard it is to deal with
you said it a few times that the covid virus has put people in the pandemic which is a scary time right now.
what do you think the counselling would help with?
i know what is difficult in and of itself. have you ever heard of joining the group meththeefront?
have you been checking on online agencies that might help you find a job soon?
you can try and ask the your friend to do something with you because it is a great start
glad to be of service and thank you for talking!
okay, i think you will enjoy it and we will stay safe.
i wish you the best and you will do great on all aspects of your life.
do you have any hobbies that you enjoy doing?
we all make mistakes when we attempt to reframe things. you can always set up meetings or meditation as well.
you can check out youtube videos on depression when you are feeling down, you can learn a lot about yourself
thanks for sharing your story...
you're welcome. take care.
hi! how are you doing today?
it sounds like you're having some very difficult time. would you like to tell me what's going on?
one more thing? what is the reason why they don't understand?
the whole thing has been announced. i can see how making it public would hurt.
if i understand correctly, you are upset by what your co__unk__ workers feel about the situation and think that this is just a government conspiracy and your co__unk__ workers are being too stingy?
it might be a good idea to have a serious talk with them about how the pandemic is affecting you and if they have any reasonable concerns about you personally.
and they still may be feeling depressed and struggling because of this. i know it is not for you.
have you tried reaching out to your peers and asking why your colleagues are doing what you do?
you might also want to see your supervisor or maybe hr for a call that concerns you in this situation. i have found that sitting down and talking to them can sometimes help
so do you not think anyone else would be afraid of you having to wear those mask?
is there anyone in your job that you are close to? or even able to, to communicate with without stressful situations?
okay, i think that is a great idea. i think you are handling this situation the right way.
i really appreciate the good vibes!
i know that has been tough for you. i can tell that this is really not your first time dealing with this as it's been happening to you, so i can only imagine how anxious you are.
would you want to discuss the situation more briefly and explore some other concerns that might could help overcome the issue?
it is difficult to say how to get out of it, but i think it's been great talking to you!
that is an awful disease to have. when did you become a friend?
hi, so i am so sorry to hear about your friend's father losing his father. it seems like he was very stressed.
that is really hard to make money on the plane.. __unk__ __unk__
it is very concerning. i have had the same thought when the news first came out. it was really shocking.
i know it sounds dumb, but a lot of people start looking into headaches or chills before they get the disease, so making a plan to take some rest in to relieve the stress.
whats your major? i think maybe there are some way to take up some time away from the tests and do other stuff?
thats rough. i can relate to that fear of winter. i live in the country and have been into real world stuff a lot.
sorry i thought i was on the chat for the quick reply. as far as that__unk__ s the case with you and your kids?
i am not sure. you will know when you are off
thank you you too! and good night to you too!
why did you not see him from time to time online?
how long ago did you meet him?
does he know you are still there?
i know you are sad. but he has picked up a new hobby so perhaps you can meet new people?
i think you are going to have to make the final choice. you have a lot to work through in this situation.
well you really dont need to see him as well, but you can try to reach out to his friends
what do you think?! you could just take some time away from him, but also not play hard to get.
i understand that.. it may be good to try to try to work it through.
have you considered putting out plays with other people to make you feel less alone?
that's a great strategy! : )
it is great you are willing to see your future partner in action, but i would not click with that guy even if he wanted to. it is bad advice.
i would think if you were to do that, he would respond. take him out of the conversation and see what happens. it would help him learn.
sounds like it! i am glad you are feeling a bit better!
yes, be confident! you don't want to make anyone feel bad!
no problem! best of luck!!
hello, how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. why?
do you want to talk more? or do you want to talk specifically about the friend?
do you think you can tell her what it is? maybe she would be willing to help you back her up.
it is a shame that you cannot tell the truth, but sometimes friendship will happen the most understandable way, in life.
a solution might be a list of things that you can take to them and see what happens. it could be different for everyone
it could be, but the sooner the better. try to see if there is something thats bothering her. if not she should have more right to talk to you.
sure, anytime. is there anything you need to talk about?
not everyone is the same, people need to be understanding and understandable sometimes.
im glad im glad.. was there any chance of getting a reply from her?
great, glad i could be a help.
you're welcome. i am glad i was able to help.
you are welcome.... all the best with your plans. stay positive!
i'm glad i could help. i wish you all the best.
how can i help you today? how can i help you today?
being alone and not making friends does sound like something that you'd struggle with, is it?
oh wow, that does sound really hard, but you are not alone, is there something you would like to talk about?
ok, i see. well i believe you are a good person for doing that, you may not have anyone to go around with you if that makes sense
i know you are going through a lot, but you can do it. sometimes it will be easier to talk about the past and make new friends.
are there any resources you can give me to help you find a support system?
i get that, it sounds like you are doing very well, i see you being safely home and i know that you will be fine. what do you think about mturk, trainsx, econmalicate and the more i think about it... lol
is there anything else that you think you'd like to discuss with me today?
ah, that might be the best solution.
have you tried any other groups of people that you are close with? if they seem reasonable i would start looking for the support groups there
ah, well that does not seem like a very good solution. it might just be better for you not to be bother him if you cannot. if you try to avoid it, you could also talk to your fianc in person, this might also open your world to new direction and motivate your fiance to change his behavior.
well, let me ask you this : would you be concerned if your fianc were angry when you went to church or did you stay home with your family?
sometimes there are support groups available if your friend isn't in an environment where you can talk about this with him.
have you tried seeking help from friends and family you are close with? sometimes there is support from family members who are not religious.
what is causing you to feel that way?
you as well.... hope it goes well for you
hi! how are you today? is there anything you would like to discuss?
can you tell me more about the bad news
sounds like the only way you could get a promotion is if you go to another job?
i understand how you are feeling. i know it is frustrating, but we can overcome this.
sorry to hear that. i can understand why you feel like you haven't done everything you could to help.
i can see where that would be difficult to understand but you know how hard it can be to be honest with people. what else do you think?
there are people out there who understand your situation
try calling the schools disclosing about your problem
i am sure that the others will do the same. i would suggest speaking with the rest of the store though...
hmm i'm not sure if that will help your situation but i hope you can find something.
have you tried contacting a co worker with no previous experience in the roles and see if they may change their mind?
what you should do is press the quit button and take a survey where you feel confident you will succeed.
being a mentor doesn't necessarily mean you have to be in a position to succeed. i think that being in a mentor role would let you stay relevant.
that is great that you are a mentor. i would really look for employment at a later point in your career.
great! just my two cents.. i had many situations where my coworkers came up to me and apologized about the situation.. but i never felt like they did anything about it.
you too. stay safe and remain positive
how may i help you? can you give me any ideas?
you feel that you haven't accomplished much due to your age.
well, could you please tell me a little bit about yourself?
have you spoken to your friends about this? i know that this is very upsetting to you.
do you have a family member that has you down?
you could try having a diet diet, and focusing on fun activities that you enjoy. sometimes, activities that you enjoy can have a positive impact on your mood.
what about doing hobbies? spending time out with friends? go out to a social speaker? go out with friends?
i will have you know that before i ask, i have actually struggled with depression and also struggled with anxiety for about a year
yes, life is full of surprises.
i think we will find it very easy to get better at not worrying about what others think. we are programmed to feel ashamed and we don't really see it. maybe as a matter of face to face discussion about why they think what they do, is easier to cope with.
i definitely understand the covid__unk__ 19 point, i often get worried when people become too young to understand that i am better off without my opinion.
alright, is there anything else i can help you with?
absolutely. do you feel like there is anything i can do to help you out?
and also, there are many people that have tried and really enjoyed therapy. a whole world of therapy could be worth it in the long run.
i'm thinking of going into it myself. unfortunately, there's not much that i know about it but i just get a little boost by hearing that it's going to be something that keeps me afloat.
let's talk about it...
i hope i have been of some assistance to you and you are doing well
i'll hope you do too. thanks for chatting!
thanks for talking! my 1st __unk__ __unk__ day
oh, i'm sorry to hear that. why do you think you are feeling that way?
that's never good. do you feel any shame or embarrassed that you can't say something like that?
what kind of lie was it? did it have anything to do with your relationship?
are you having trouble handling that? i've been in that situation before... my friends saw me lie but i ended up letting them know that i think my relationship with my friends is worth something.
what is it that you feel that is wrong in the lie?
what happened the first time? did he claim that you lied in the past?
it sounds like this has happened since may been?
did you feel he apologized or don't know the reasons behind the lie?
i hear you saying that you work with co__unk__ workers and your boss is hitting on them. are you able to tell your boss to keep quiet or are you unable to explain your frustration?
have you talked to your boss about the friendship with your co__unk__ worker?
it's important to have faith in the company. i'm sure they don't want to put you in trouble.
i think that most companies will try and minimize the abuse you are getting as co__unk__ workers. if you can't control your stance and your self esteem, i think you can handle this.
that's an awesome idea! it's a great suggestion.
or maybe she will want you to come outside when the weather is better?
of course. i'm glad it's going to work out for you!
if your co__unk__ worker wants to give you time to refocus, it's definitely a good idea to reach out to friends and family for support. maybe have a conversation about your feelings about your co__unk__ worker and the situation in general.
i think you're going to be just fine!
you too! enjoy the rest of your day!
can you tell me about that? it seems to be very hard on you right now.
can you tell me about the things she does when you are sad?
do you mean that your mom can't be involved in an argument and you do not like it?
i know this will get difficult for you, but try to look at this as a reflection of you. as they say, you can choose your friends however you want, but you do not have to say that you dont, that you cannot change who you are, what you want to see in who you love, and what you dont, that you dont change who you are as a person
i kept trying to ask why she didn't want to make friends with people, and that it would make things complicated. and that was really it.
maybe she is just being obnoxious. and she did not want you to have to worry about her opinion.
have you ever considered your friends and family meeting to talk about your feelings? or are they at home or alone?
it is important to always have deep breaths.
i really believe that you can be the better person and get through this.
does she have family traditions? how old are you?
what she said was to give the advice to her friends and encourage them to go forward with the decision. have you tried this?
you are welcome. do you have a favorite meal you could spend today?
hi! im good. how are you?
i'm sorry to hear that. how does it feel to be burned out on a job?
well that is a challenge in itself.. have you considered something outside of therapy?
does this explain your concern for the situation at all?
maybe you could seek additional work outside of work. maybe you should focus on more important things like attending therapist activities.
what other profession do you feel more in line with your needs?
i think it's important to see all those other therapists as well. there is no harm in taking the time to help and help them.
yeah, i can see that being an issue. i think you should also try to fill your time with new hobbies like reading, reading a book, or doing some work online.
that sounds like a great idea! maybe the ones you will work with will be more open to the suggestions of others.
thanks! i've actually done something similar myself as well. it was very difficult but it was worth it!
it's ok to be autistic : ) i think it is better than being sad or upset.
i think it might just be a natural self help item.
hmm i see. it sounds like you feel that you have control over your mental health, right? i think you are still doing your best, though.
glad i could help! have a wonderful rest of your day!
what's been going on? what's happened?
you are taking depression drugs, i get it. do you want to try other sort of things, or is this just a matter of finding a counsellor?
do you think that would help you work out while talking to someone?
it sounds like you are doing a great job. you know you can take care of yourself with an environment you enjoy, and things get easier.
have you tried to talk to someone about it? it may be able to help you to relax
is there something else i can help you with today?
ive been feeling quite helpless recently. i had felt so much helpless. thank you for chatting and good luck with everything. i hope you have a great day and night.
yes i am glad it has worked for you. how long have you been struggling?
you are very welcome! i am happy to help. are you feeling any better?
can you tell me what the harrowing ordeal is?
i understand but its never easy how old are your kids
oh so they are taking custody of their lives and they are afraid you will have to take them. im sorry. is that right?
yea i mean that a hot bath is good enough for you right now
take some time for yourself before you seem to be scared to leave.
of course! you are so welcome.
you need to mention your name first. that way no one else has to see it, and it may not be on your mind.
hey! so true! and by not being jaded, you can be excited too!
do you have an addiction to sex? i always thought about just having no idea if it was me or not.
that's a tough place to be. at least we can relate. why do you feel miserable?
so because she takes away your spirit you think she has taken away your spirit or you feel like she takes away your spirit or your spirit?
and this sounds like a tough spot to be in, since it is making everyone feel isolated in this new position.
do you think you can talk to your boss about this? maybe he could help you clear your head with some hr accommodating advice or at least say something along the lines of, " have you talked to anyone in the group about this?
maybe you can talk to your co__unk__ workers about this and see if you can come to some sort of arrangement between you
don't be so hard on yourself. i have been in your position. i know it's hard but you will be fine!
oh yes, i can relate to how hard it must be for you to feel like this right now, and you deserve to feel more confident about yourself.
sounds like a plan : ) have a good day!
have you looked into being forced to tell your peers that you think they're being bullied?
ok then i hope that i have helped you : )
you are welcome. my pleasure. i hope things get better for you : )
what happened? what is happening? i am sorry to hear that. can i ask you why you're not feeling great tonight?
that is definitely a stressful experience. are you nervous that others are nervous or nervous that you are not comfortable?
no, but i think you could learn to not fear it so much.
i am taking an engineering class also and i've had to do public speaking before.
you are very well capable of being a good person in a public setting and have your head in the right place. do you think that could be the case with your major?
i know it's difficult to get connected with the right people but try to practice with other students.
that sounds like a great idea. have you considered talking to the professor about the presentation and how it can possibly be beneficial for the well being of your classmates?
that sounds like a great first step for you to overcome this fear.
i am positive you will be ok!
and people who are all going through the same difficulty can be very helpful! i hope this helped you today!
i completely understand, it is tough to choose what to do.
i will pray that you find a solution for yourself and your anxiety that you can let go and stay clean.
that's correct! you can find some very helpful groups out there!
i do not either. however, i do hope your friend puts a number on his phone and don't let anything get to him.
i am really happy to hear that. i will keep doing my best to try to be helpful. please be sure to leave good wishes.
your welcome, i am happy to help
and you're welcome and goodnight and you too.
hi, how are you? what brings you here?
i am doing okay. how are you?
i can understand that - dealing with rerebellious relatives can be rough! is there anyone in your family that you can talk to about it?
if she keeps her distance from you, perhaps it could help you channel it into something else. i am sure you have family members that have been lost too, they would need to talk to you too!
i think you're right about that, it's not easy to be someone else's problem. i know it can be hard to be around someone you care about all the time.
is there an alternative way to approach things like this in person?
did you suggest her way of communicating that she might be open to talking about it?
you're not alone in this, with her acting like that is completely untrue. i think that it is important that you talk with her, though! it's a tough situation for everyone involved.
is there anything that you could do to help her without her harm?
do you think this might be a temporary solution? maybe you could take her to her therapist and explore how she could improve her mental health?
that is a good point - maybe she is just acting like she is hurt because she is thinking this through. is there any possibility of a problem like this soon?
thanks for talking! i am glad i could help!
you too! thanks! i hope everything goes well!
bye! i am glad you are ready for the holidays!
hi. i'm doing well. how are you feeling today?
is there something you are doing to get this out of your system that you enjoy doing?
can you give me some examples of things that have caused you to feel this way?
why play the political game? who are you playing it with?
have you thought about trying to remain neutral and neutral? sometimes it's better to let your emotions within you.
would you consider getting out and going out for exercise, or would that be too risky?
no, that is just talking about yourself. i have also found that sports are so much fun and ideally, my kids would love to play with me, but that wouldn't be something i can do during the day.
well i have been trying to seek out new experiences and an attitude to life that was different during the holidays. it really helps. but when it is happening, it feels like we are trying to change our surroundings. do you think you can talk to your husband and ex who have been drinking?
do you like to drink more, do you do something after being out for a long period of time?
that's awesome. is there a weather plan you want to try?
it's good that you are still able to go out to get fresh air!
you're welcome. hope everything goes well for you!
do you want to listen to any particular stories?
i'm so sorry, i can feel your pain. what's happening?
i am sorry to hear that. i can understand how it affects you.
is he giving you orders from his psychiatrist or someone else?
is he? did he ever bring up any other issues with you or friends? i can understand that it would be hard for you to talk to him about this issue.
that sounds like a difficult situation. when you see him again, how can you possibly know that he is not at his best, when you can see him working towards his gain?
if you ever need any help in that area, just let me know.
maybe you can do something like prepaid cards or things for him, like a diy coupon, and once in a while you should try to see if they can be refunded for that and work through some issues that they might be dealing with.
i hope that i have been able to help you with something you might want to.
have you tried speaking to him about how he acts?
i do not think it's likely to be bi__unk__ polar. i just can't help but think that you might have a problem with his breathing.
thats awesome. you will definitely feel better when you talk with him.
of course! have a great day and have a great week!
thank you! i hope you have a wonderful day.
and thank you! i wish you the best.
no problem. have a nice holiday to and stay safe.
hello! how are you? is there anything you'd like to talk about?
i am well thanks. what's going on?
how's the weather where you are today?
i understand... have you ever tried looking for a new job?
have you ever tried to walk outside at night? the sun should help you feel a little bit better about your mood.
do you do a lot of that?
hmmm i've never had a trumpet before. i do love a bright pixar. do you work anywhere?
yes i enjoy lifting weights... so i can sense that you enjoy exercising!
what do you do for a living?
that's a fantastic idea. you should make sure that you don't have an illness that could cause you to feel down. that would give you an opportunity to be healthy.
i understand... i walk for hours to a park to take my mind off of it. it makes me feel good to have a nice thing to do while i'm in work.
can you help me clear my head a little?
go on the phone and check out my friends and family. you will not be quarantined, you won't be forced into quarantining for any other reason. do you think this may be making you anxious or stressed?
you are welcome!! good luck!!
how are you doing today? anything on your mind?
i am good. whats going on?
right i know it is. especially with the backlash over the past year
do you feel that the world is going to eventually start to cycle?
what kind of opportunities do you get, if you don't mind me asking?
i know that you are having some tough time in life. this has been really hard time for you, but maybe some time in the future you can focus on yourself.
those are the best times of the year, do you have any favorite couples you are having friends over?
has it ever helped you a lot in life to not feel guilty for having them?
ah, maybe you could contact the news channel? they sometimes have affordable moments. i sometimes get mislead by empathy to others feelings, or struggling, which may mean finding someone to cheer you up. it helps to get to know yourself for once, not let yourself take it all!
hi! how are you? how may i help?
what happened to make you sad? i am happy to listen and help if you need anything.
have you made a new person now?
so you have been left with your wife because he did not communicate..
you can make this a better choice now that he didn't seem to communicate
its okay to feel low at times but try to move on from this and try to put your feelings in perspective and make those things you enjoy happy.
what good things have you lost? is there any work that you can do for yourself to help you be happy?
i would try to smile when you are sad
its not gonna work but try to think about the good things that you want
do you like to press button on a problem?
do those things that make you happy.
the list of the good things that make you happy is good
see he is good but he is not also a good person
that is why the way to be happy are deep, deep, and deep, deep
yes try that they can come visit and come with you
yes they are, that will help you feel better...
maybe you should set an alarm. lol
yes the vaccine has really helped people and get some of those group healthy people into the better situation
why not? its the only way to make your relationship happy
i try to choose different kinds of movies
what is your next goal then? what brings you to the gym and other places you can meet new people?
good i hope you get some friends to talk to and we can meet again
ok bye bye : ) enjoy the rest of your day
you are very welcome.. thank you for listening
if you need help from a counsellor they are always here for you and you can try to talk with them about your feelings
you are welcome : ), don't give up you are only 21
bye friend best of luck, bye!
bye bye to you to...
you are welcome goodbye bye from me now
hi, how are you doing? are you excited about something tonight?
i am so sorry to hear that, it must be really hard.
it's natural to be lonely sometimes... especially with a stressful situation. but when it comes to animals, you just gotta find a way to help get through this. i know you're not selfish because you feel lonely without him. do you feel that way every day?
this sounds like you're trying your best to have that stability. you will meet people who care about you as well.
have you thought of contacting the people in your house and asking them if there is a future puppy company you could go to in your neighborhood?
i have a umm... pomeranian and i've been wishing i was more of a dog person.
that's really good. it might be easier to justify leaving to work when you do have to go back to school.
you can use the puppy as a person as he will help you to provide for yourself. and being able to have him do your work with you will help you get through this.
it sounds like you are a smart person! i would stay home until you can get a new pet if you need to. you are not alone!
is there anything else you'd like to talk about? or do you just want to talk about it?
that's wonderful! dogs are wonderful companions!
i am going to follow your advice and end this session! goodbye!
oh sorry to hear that. what is causing you to feel that way?
so the ex was not from you?
have you tried going to therapy? i would recommend that.
that is bad. have you considered to try to talk to her about it? i am sure she will want to listen to you talk with her.
okay that is very difficult. my partner did the exact same thing and he was my only family member.
one of the things that i would say is important is that she cannot speak spoken sign language to you. do you want to talk more about it?
that sounds very odd. i am happy that you are letting her know, though.
i can see the stress. are there any strategies that you might use for working through this? maybe online therapy?
it's sad to see someone like that on the road.
could you explain the things you are not sure of to her?
are you sure she doesn't love you and want you as a partner?
what does he say? i am so disgusted that he will talk to her again!
is she your primary emotional support system?
i see. tell me more about your hands!
well it certainly sounds like you made a small effort to think about how much you love your boyfriend. have you thought about having a movie night with your friends and family?
where are you from?? i am still in school in texas!
you are welcome, thank you for talking!
well, i hope you are able to find someone else and find someone more worthy.
so did you get any closure or breakup?
would you like to talk about it?
i understand you are sad but i also have a feeling you are doing the right thing, would you like to share the reason why she broke your heart
how long have you been dating her?
there are some great songs to put on your favorites, and a lot of people like to listen to music they do not normally listen to.
the best way to move on from a broken up is to make time and live with your loved ones. if you have a new girlfriend then it may be easier to move on.
maybe they could suggest the therapist to help you with your problem in order to get some relief from the breakup?
i think the best starting point is finding a new hobby to make you feel better. there are also resources that can help you find some things you enjoy doing.
that sounds like a great plan! did you decide on the trip or did you take your partner?
absolutely! the fun stuff will always be present in our memory! i really hope that you have a great time in europe.
you are very welcome! you deserve to have an amazing vacation!
i am really sorry to hear that. have you had any problems before?
so you are worried you might lose your job or not have enough pay?
so that's a tough situation to be in. i have had a lot of anxiety during this time too.
i understand. it can be so hard to be given that information. i am sorry to hear that. i would be anxious to see if you were only given specifics for three months. it is very hard to feel unprotected.
there is nothing to be afraid of, it's in your best interest to prepare for the worst
is there anyone there you can talk to about this situation?
i've used therapy before and it's great to have a support system that really does help. i think it's a very good idea to start looking into such activities. it's easy to get overwhelmed with the anxiety, but it can be really hard to find time to get going too. it's very difficult, but i believe you can get through this as much as you can.
are you breathing while meditating? sometimes we forget to do it and a lot of people feel this way. is it because we are not being as patient as we want to?
yes. it's a great practice. and in some cases, it can be useful in a meditative way to propel yourself in a full breathing position. this method will lift your heart rate, release the air into the air and that's kind of like breathing in and out of a tornado!
of course! you can do this for free on youtube or on your own at the moment. it's super helpful!
you too! good luck with your plans!
you're welcome! i hope you have a good night!
hi, i am doing well! how are you doing today?
that's really rough. maybe you should focus on other things at least?
a friend called me __unk__ " one of them " today lol.
there are ways to engage them if you want to. speaking with them, when did the start of the conversation start?
do you think that you could keep some time alone in your home and your family like that long time?
have you tried to talk to your friends and make them aware that you are reaching out to them while they are at school?
has this happen with others as well?
i'm glad you have a support system. things tend to turn around when the people you care about don't seem to be taking things as seriously as they should. is there anyone else that you are close to?
are you trying to get into a group activity like football? i have heard that it's becoming more popular in the u. s. since the holiday season, and i think it might be making things easier and makes the same sense as you would think.
and i think it would be great for your mental health to meet new people in person! it's like just meeting new friends. what are some of your favorite things to do to occupy your mind?
of course! i wish you the very best of luck with everything!
is there anything else i can help you with today?
merry christmas to you as well! goodbye.
your welcome!!!!!!
how are you feeling? whats on your mind?
can i help you with something? how can i help you today?
i am sorry to hear that, it is totally understandable that it can be tough at times. have you done anything to help cheer you up?
you mentioned it as if it has had some impact on you, but have you ever considered talking to a professional about how you feel about this?
i am very sorry to hear that. i am glad that you were able to reach out and express your emotions.
have you tried speaking with anyone about the trauma?
are you still feeling comfortable? is there anything that you would like to talk about?
i would think you would benefit from some counselling since you are experiencing constant challenges and upsetting about what you are feeling.
some people need a partner who understands their feelings and agrees with them.
you don't have to take the blame from yourself. it sounds like you both think it's all to yourself. is it?
i wish you the best of luck!
i am doing good. how are you?
it sounds like you are frustrated at the cost of not being able to be present. have you discussed with your friends about this?
do you feel that the job is more important than you are feeling now?
as a parent i'm so happy that you are able to teach your kids how to do virtual learning! and that is really great for you!
it sounds like you feel better about yourself at least. at the same time, you have found some positive tools that you are able to use to distract from your anxiousness. one of the things that i like to do in my free time is sit in a quiet room and listen to a game of football and watch the world burn.
yes, continuing progress can help. you have experienced a whole life of accomplishment in it, whether it's physically, mentally, and emotionally, which is a lot. you have realized you are capable of accomplishing everything at once, which is a confidence in itself that takes strength, and accomplishing in itself is a job.
you too, i hope things get easier for you.
you too! all the best! you too!
hello, how are you doing today?
what brings you to feel that way?
what do you find on your mind that causes you to feel this way?
i'm so sorry to hear that. i hope you find a good job soon. it's hard to be in a situation like that.
that's a really strange reaction to hear. i'm sorry that you're feeling that way. do you have any suggestions you could use to help you find a job?
i'm so sorry that you feel that way, i know it's tough this year. we can't always leave home but we can do our best to try and find something! have you talked to the pandemic office and see if they'll be hiring you?
yes, they aren't even leaving home and people aren't traveling as much. i understand how you are feeling!
is there anything else you'd like to talk about?
it is a really tough year for everyone right now, but i think a lot of people have turned it around. you can also try dvtech
i'm sorry to hear that - if i'm not very helpful, what can i help you with?
i live alone and do not have anyone to talk to. we always go on dates with someone to talk to. what is your favorite thing to do for fun?
a lot of people are suffering from covid and feeling the feeling that they are alone now. it's a real struggle.
thank you for sharing! you are doing great!
it sounds like you have a great idea and are trying hard to stay positive! have you thought of hiring a company that is hiring?
you too! bye! hope you have a nice holiday season!
is this a serious problem or an anxiety issue?
do you feel as though the could be a problem with your own health?
i understand this. i also have felt insecure before. have you considered getting a twin bed or something like that?
have you looked into medical resources? there are a lot of programs out there that can help.
i was able to talk with friends about my experience. as i have done for years.
what do you think about other things that make you feel like you are not even at sleep anymore?
it is an amazing idea! i have heard there are new challenges in covid where people are unable to give up sleeping. have you considered that?
well you did talk about this and it sounds like a great choice so long as you are not being shamed.
do you feel that a cat will also help you cope with the anxiety that comes with being in bed at night?
that is understandable, especially in the morning. i used to have problems sleeping too but the repetitive thing helped.
i think sleeping is something that we all have to take care of, though people like you are in a different situation.
how long has your sleeping issue been?
oh i totally agree. that is an odd idea to make, since it doesn't always work. it is easier for me to give new ideas and let you be more direct, when talking to people, anyway.
you're welcome. i wish you all the best.
i think it may help to include a doctor and doctor to help you relax. that is a good way to stay calm and calm.
is it a fear of going into a stressful place, or just general anxiety?
that is a shame, isn't it? i think that in time we will recover from this, but i am sure it will be a sad time for everyone. what did you do during your time off from home?
for the last 2 years i've been working in the grocery store far more than i have ever done. i've lost 10 pounds in just a year.
i am very sorry to hear that. how long have you been having problems with your job?
could you tell me a bit more about the aspect of this year that's causing you to feel depression?
there are a lot of sites you can do online that have some free resource that will let you read up on all these things and start to put them together
i have tried to join them but it wasn't really my thing. it was actually very intimidating for me. i can't imagine what i would have done if i were to do it.
yes, i enjoy running! i also like to jog!
i am totally willing to try something that sounds like a good fit and definitely get back to working. you deserve it!
what about a parrot? they are amazing. i love them!
sounds like a great idea! i'm sure you'll be surprised how loving your neighbors can be!
oh yes, i hear that neighbors are very popular. i hope that goes well with your new place!
it's wonderful to hear that you would be willing to volunteer. i know that i would!
great! it would be a great way to meet new people too.
you are so very welcome : ) i hope it goes well.
i am ok thank you. is there anything you would like to talk about?
i'm doing great, what is on your mind?
he seems to not be able to help during things he is supposed to. do you think it could be related to this?
has he noticed any change in your life recently?
that sounds very toxic. i do know you have to stay put, not stand there when he does something.
you should talk to him and let him know how you feel.
he probably doesnt really know how you are feeling either way. have you spoken to him about his behaviour?
is it possible to talk to them again?
at least he hasn't full on call you for it. have you been able to talk to your kids about it?
has he tried talking to you? i am sure that some counselling, perhaps a lawyer, could help.
you could take them with you so he can get some more income. you are right that you could go with your kids as long as you would like. if you take your family however, you can always call a friend or family member who might be able to help you stay connected.
have a go to movie night with your kids. do you have a comedy channel, or a movie club?
i know you are tired, but do you have a good relationship with him? or do you feel like he should stop getting into the argument?
after a certain time, you should come up with a plan to leave with them. i would talk to them today and you will find a solution. you should also have one coming in as well.
glad to help. stay strong. you have a good heart.
good luck!!!!!!!!!!!
why are you not feeling so well?
why are you not feeling so well today?
i am sorry i can understand that feeling...
i would suggest moving away from your current situation in order to move back home. it might be helpful to take a few deep breaths and take a deep breath to feel better
well first of all it's ok to feel stuck since the world is going to get better in the next couple of weeks and all you can do is try to put yourself in your best position and talk to people about this.
have you tried looking for job and job seeking agencies?
have you tried going to a career change center or anything that has been shown to help at the time?
is there something you think that might give you a better understanding of your options?
have you thought about searching for some online resources and possibly recruiting some new jobs?
that is true. but at this point many people are thinking about that now. some are realizing that hiring from home can sometimes be beneficial.
well, for me the upside of trying to get better credit at home is that in the evenings i don't have to worry about loans
also looking for a home job might be a good idea if you are looking for a gig that is like from home
i think the schools you are talking about are some that have a large budget. that is a great idea to consider
ok, so just to clarify you said you are nervous about the loans but you want to get them paid off
i know a lot of people are down but i'm confident you will do great with the courses that will be offered soon and will not cause you to lose your job.
do you have family around you that can help you get out of debt?
remember there are many online classes to take on loans you can learn about and there are lots of free online classes out there that are awesome to learn about
i know you will be able to get in with just a little bit more then loans, is there anything else i can help you with today?
anytime! have a nice day! enjoy your day!
thanks you too! __unk__ - d and you __unk__ __unk__!
stay safe! : ) i am happy you are okay
what is going on that you feel sad?
is there a particular problem that your friend is having?
i am really sorry to hear that. did you tell me what happened?
i think he is a terrible person. you don't owe him anything.
the fact that he lied must be incredibly sad, do you want him to find a way to stop doing that?
it's hard when a person lies, but i think in this case you can trust him as much as you would your boyfriend is pretty god to me. do you have anyone you can talk to and make plans with?
that must have been quite the sales pitch!
that doesn't sound good but at least you did your best and tried to keep yourself from this
i can see how this is hard for you.
this situation must be a very hurtful thing for you and i hope that you are able to move on and find someone who appreciates you!
can you suggest an online therapist? i can find one that can assist me and provide me a solutions if that helps.
i know how hard it is to have someone ghosting you like that. i've had worse than that and i know how much it hurts.
im so sorry, i wish i was more honest.
you need to make clear to him that you were mad and that the pictures you have shared with him help you heal from it. is that the right thing to do?
that may help. that would include getting up.
that's great! do you ever think about bringing it up again?
i can relate to that. i had a woman cheat on me and i felt bad for him. i found him through self__unk__ care. i miss him. i was in love with him once. i know what you are going through, i was with the wrong person too. you can do it!
i'm so proud of you! there's nothing more to be proud of than being left.
you're very welcome! thank you for sharing your story! it's been a pleasure chatting with you!
hello! how are you doing today?
i'm sorry to hear that. can you tell me a little about it?
i can understand how challenging this is. it is very rough at first, but we all have been through such challenges and there are certain things we can do to make it through this struggle. the time crunch is a tough balance for sure, but you are not alone, they are always there for you and when they help you know you can do it
i understand, and you can do it! you deserve so much more than that!
do you feel like you are accomplishing as much as you can in the past? i know it may be overwhelming, but you can try and move forward.
i think that is a great idea. you will do great in doing something with small tasks. this alone will keep you organized and motivated. you can also use multiple strategies to manage your stress and anxiety.
i think that a small reward would be a good place to start. do you have any search groups that you can add to? sometimes we try to find a specific thing that we need help with.
that's a great idea! i'm proud of you!
it is! have a great day!
no problem! i am glad i was able to help, and i hope that you feel better about it!
all you have to do is tell me what is on your mind. if you do not answer, then you are just not being generous. i like to work with a large group of coworkers in order to ensure i know how to get ahead.
great, thanks. how are you?
i understand, that would be hard. are there some reasons why you feel this way?
no i have not coped.. i don't have any one close to me.
i know that's difficult. what kind of work are you doing to get to where you are at today?
there's always somewhere out there to connect.
i understand. i would definitely worry about being mindful as well.
if i were to try and do something like that, i'd set up a gym where i could go for run, or go for a walk alone if i was feeling more well
does your boyfriend help you find ways to help you find something you enjoy doing?
how do you feel about taking walks at the park? i've found it helps to be creative and fun.
do you still live with your friends?
have you tried vlogging or using the computer to report things to the online provider?
have you tried texting or zoom chatting with your friends at all?
that sounds like a really good idea!
that sounds like a wonderful idea! i'm so glad to hear that.
your welcome! i hope it all works out for you. have a great day.
you're very welcome! i'm glad that you were able to connect with me and your friends!
i am doing well, thank you for asking! what is bothering you?
i am here to help. how may i assist you today!
well, what is your goal? i can help you today!
yes. i was diagnosed with covid. after several months, i learned that working on my goal is important.
maybe with time you will be able to achieve your dream. do you want to tell me your boss and your co__unk__ workers what they say?
it is natural to feel like you need to show some positive in a situation that you've had previously. keep working hard. keep putting in extra work just to be on top of your goals.
thank you. i wish you the best of luck!
yes i do, my dad is my inspiration and grandpa is my inspiration and grandpa is my inspiration and dad is my inspiration and grandpa is my inspiration and dad is my inspiration and grandpa is my inspiration and grandpa is my inspiration and grandpa is my inspiration and grandpa is my inspiration and grandpa is my inspiration and grandpa is my inspiration and grandpa is my inspiration and grandpa is my inspiration and grandpa is my inspiration and grandpa is my inspiration and grandpa is my inspiration and grandpa is my inspiration and grandpa is my inspiration
good! and you're so welcome. i am glad that i could help. i wish you well in your new endeavors and happiness.
you too! stay strong and stay positive!
that sounds like a hard time. what is the work load?
so you are in your line of work working two jobs and you don't know what to do with it?
i think that's hard, i can understand how stressed out you are about this.
did you talk to your supervisor about how you might need to help today? maybe you can find a second supervisor.
does she work from home? or is it live only?
have you tried looking online for job that you could find in your area?
would you be ok if you told them that you're concerned they might not want to talk about it to you?
it's good that you are taking the initiative to express your frustrations and problems. there is a lot of opportunity to do that. but i hope you know that there is plenty of opportunity for improvement!
it's probably hard to get through, but when you realize you're not only helping yourself but that others are hurting to, it helps a lot.
ah, i see. that can be difficult. do you have a job?
when i was in a situation like this, i would try to set aside a few days with my partner. it was not always the same.
you sound like a really good guy.
maybe offer to schedule a christmas eve walk in with him? i think it's a little less risky and more efficient?
is there anything else i can help you with?
have you tried talking to your manager about it? let them know what's going on and say it isn't worth it to confront them.
i am doing well, thank you for asking!
do you have other problems you are having?
i would suggest asking why? tell them you don't like to buy new clothes and they could understand why.
try wearing a few more clothes, then you can have a more comfortable look and you won't look so bad.
great idea! i think that it might be good to try it for free. have you tried taking them to a thrift store or online store?
i think you should, it is not your business what they say.
i think it's okay to be upset about how other people are, there is nothing wrong with being upset with yourself.
you can also try any hobby to try to eliminate a lot of old hobbies. i used to listen to that as well.
i used to think i was overweight too but then i started loving it!
have a good one! have a great rest of your day!
thank you! you too!!!
i'll press quit and take the survey : )
you think you did not mean to have a serious conversation?
so, your best friend spent time at your house and you felt not enough to see her there?
i can tell that you are upset and upset and going through a similar situation to me.
i'm sorry that you're having to deal with that. it must be really difficult to see someone like that.
how about this? have you tried speaking to her in the past about it? have you considered reaching out and sharing your issues with her?
it is absolutely true; that's an amazing quote. i really love that quote, it's absolutely true; i think i will talk to my friend about the situation some more so i fully get over it.
glad to hear that. but do not let this stress you out. you can do this!
i think that is a horrible thing to do to not speak to your friend and be soft.
even if you think you are not very good, i think that any friendship that involves as much of the current relationship could be considered a good friend. you do not have to worry about that.
yes, if you don't feel comfortable talking to your other friend about this, you should not ask her why she's not answering. she should tell you what was going on. i can't tell you what to do or what wasn't the right thing to do.
i believe you are absolutely right. what are you doing to take the survey?
of course and have a great rest of your day as well!
okay. how do you feel about it?
wow! it must be difficult to be someone who is getting physically ill from drinking
if you have to ask yourself that, you are not helping them. you are a helping yourself, however you can't control their actions or behaviour.
do you know your friend? how did he find out he is a alcoholic?
have you tried reaching out to his friends? support groups? i know that your friend should be very supportive if you have friends and family around you who can talk to him about how this affects both of you.
i understand. you need to tell him that you are trying your best, and that you don't want to stand up for him. it's going to be hard for him. and you want to stay strong.
you deserve to be here. you deserve to have my support.
thanks. i can't feel any stronger than you right now.
have you considered seeing a professional counselor? aa can help you understand why people who are sobriety have suffered in the past.
anyway, i think you should lay off your alcohol and go to this amazing place with him. you can do it!
it's a good idea! i will have you know that the people at meetings are truly your friends and that it might be nice to make a friend you knew for awhile!
you're welcome! i know that sometimes you have to take a step back and tell yourself that you are making progress, and that it is your fault that you are doing what you think is right. but you are doing a good thing and that means your heart is in the right place.
thank you for talking! it was very helpful.
i know that is a very tough time to live through.
you'll get through this, you'll be proud of your accomplishments!
thanks for sharing your perspective. it is not the best time to be an attitude.
you are welcome, i hope you have a great rest of your day!
what is on your mind? have a great day and thank you for chatting
are you experiencing any exercises, exercise, diet, or other activities that help you losing weight?
what is causing you to feel this way?
you are very welcome. it's hard, but i hope you will be able to find what it is that you need to overcome this issue.
have you reached out to anyone in your family or boyfriend about this?
have you considered doing any yoga? there is a free yoga club available for people who are having trouble with their weight.
have you tried a form of exercise that you can share with your boyfriend or family member?
when i get stuck in a difficult situation, i suggest trying to control your energy intake.
are you close to a doctor? let me know if i can provide some information
my suggestion is to try and reduce the consumption of your own food. this will help you eat less than you consume, meaning you will be less likely to drink and eat more
ok that does sound difficult, that must be hard to do yourself and your boyfriend.
you are welcome. i hope you have a great evening
it's good that you reached out to help because that is something you should look into.
you are welcome and good luck in the future!
hello, how are you doing today?
what's on your mind right now?
what seems to be happening? is there a specific reason you feel you have depression?
that's a really hard thing to deal with. i am so sorry. i know this is difficult to deal with but i know how you feel when you feel this way. i hope you can find a professional to help you at some point.
have you tried joining groups like moodwombles to help you get some support? it's sometimes helpful to have local support when you can
do you feel that they have good reasons for not going to visit your children?
that's a great age to be nine and 4! that's a pretty good age for a nine year old, i think. i think you are doing the right thing
i think that's the best plan. give yourself time and try to enjoy the new scenery
i think that that would be a great idea! i know it's hard to keep up with news, but i think that perhaps you can even get them back to normal?
could you take that into consideration? perhaps talking to your husband, giving him a time share with the entire family could be useful.
you're very welcome. i wish you luck.
have you tried to contact him? or did you have someone request an extension?
that must be really hard. are you happy to hear that you're having an opinion of a face book that you like? does it affect your relationship with him at all?
you think he's trying to get you to compromise? does he understand your arguments? does he believe that you're showing respect to his decision?
have you tried to make a final conference call with them? maybe give a short chat with them and tell them that you are here to listen to them and they won't be willing to listen if they don't follow your opinions.
he seems very smart and intelligent, i think that is really strong and effective
it's definitely a taboo to engage in these interactions, but i don't think it would be a big deal. sometimes it's difficult to confront people in person, or let them know you are upset.
it has happened to me, but i have spoken to friends about it and it's gotten better. i could understand if they were viewing something different
i apologize if i was a little overwhelming! my friend did the same thing and i thought it was the best thing for her to do, but i totally understand. i have had friends who had this exact experience. they had no idea what was going on.
well, have you considered talking with him in person about this?
well it's probably not something that he really likes so much. but sometimes being able to feel your emotions in person helps out a lot in getting it out of your mind. i would definitely let him know that you care about him as well, and that you are the one that needs to make the decisions that you do for yourself.
you're welcome. i think you really should be doing your best to avoid this situation by talking with him as friend in person.
you are very welcome and good luck to all of your friends!
how are you doing today? what do you think is bothering you?
are you there? is there anything you need help with today?
oh no, can you tell me about it?
i see so you are saying that the holidays are really hard on your family and trying to take care of it but instead you are wishing for a strong closer?
that's true but everyone seems to be concerned with the pandemic and i don't think that's the case, lol. there will be plenty of opportunities if you take a step back and realize that everyone is facing some type of rebuild.
has the pandemic only started recently?
do you have anything else that you have on your mind? maybe your schedule just wasn't what you wanted?
yes, i understand that. there are lots of online services and opportunity online too. i understand that it can be overwhelming having to change your plan because you have no choice.
yes, i definitely do that. i used to have a good computer but i've found that with some of the new restrictions in the government i found it hard to find something i wanted.
the only real way to make money is online work. would that work for you?
yes you can. stay positive. __unk__
yes you are right that is great that you are a hard worker! you have your perks, and you have talent to start a new career!!
good luck! it is definitely difficult to find a job during this time.
i agree. also, i don't think moving up your resume will help you in the job market or give you a boost.
my suggestion is to start a business you enjoy doing, then share it with others. it will be your business to make money
good luck. and good luck!!!!
i am so happy to help! can you not go ahead and brush it up?
thats great. it is important to run a business to get right away.
go to your local jobs page and update your resume for amazon. good luck!
hello, how are you? is there something going on?
can you provide me with more information about your feelings about your assignments?
that sounds difficult, i am sorry to hear that.
well, it sounds like you're feeling more ahead of yourself in school than most people because of your grades! it sounds like you're on top of things.
are you looking for a study group to join?
wow, that's a really hard situation. i can't imagine that this has been the case for you and you are working hard!
it's never too late to start looking for groups of social study groups online.... just a few minutes before meeting. most colleges can introduce subjects that are just not relevant to their classes.
we all have a lot of stress, but luckily the pandemic has made things easier. so it's still possible to maintain some confidence.
have you tried focusing on studying and doing well? the more important part is doing your best.
is there a club or some sort that you could go to with your final grade? maybe a subby meeting?
my advice to you, is to remember that you're at least ( somewhat ) better than the people you're studying with, and that you're already performing well
i'm glad! and i'm glad to hear that! i wish you the best!
i'm so sorry... do you want to tell me more about that?
are there any infidelity clauses you could possibly try to resolve that could cause her to know?
do you feel that she has her own feelings for you that you could discuss with your hubby?
oh, i see. i can tell by our conversation that this situation is difficult for you because of how dark your situation is.
i feel that sharing these feelings is important.
i understand that this might not be for you.
perhaps perhaps a teacher or professional help can help you with the bottling of emotions and boundaries with your husband.
that's the smart thing to do.
i hope so as well. i wish you all the best.
i think you should try and talk to her as well, so you can see what is going on.
i'm sorry to hear that. are you upset with work or just stressed about work?
i see, i can definitely understand how stressful that could feel. have you found any way to avoid this stress at all?
that sounds like a tough spot to be in. i'm sure you'll be able to find something when the time comes. would you mind trying a bit more than once to see what sort of places are opening?
and that sounds a great way to help. i wish you all the best.
you could try searching for job apps on amazon? they have some great options. also, check out some local churches. you might be able to find some local charities that might also be able to help with the pandemic.
thanks for reaching out. we're glad to have been of assistance. i'm glad you were able to find a plan and help with your situation.
i am glad that there's some assistance for the working holiday season.
the best thing that i can suggest is to record a video call of what you're going through, instead of attending a 45 minute ceremony. you might be surprised!
there is a learning curve for a lot of those things. when i was going through this, i would listen to music and i would take it slowly until it was absolutely clear and i felt good. but if it's not any more i'll start slowly to understand the situation, slowly engage myself and let it clear up.
i'm glad i was able to help. it's great to have been heard from a great leader. i hope that you can get the hang of it. please don't give up. i think you'll do great.
you too! have a good night.
how can i help you today? tell me what you want to tell me today?
sure! i don't think that is a problem. tell me what happened, is there anything that i can do to help you?
she did not pay rent, however, they did ask for it and she gave it to you for free. you don't owe her that!
i am so sorry. that must feel awful.
do you want me to tell you what i wrote?
no problem. my pleasure : )... the fact that you have such a serious problem with her shows how toxic it is, and the fact that you have been reading a lot of books to try and figure out how to make things work out with her. i hope you are feeling better. if not, it is entirely on you and not her. i bet you've been through it and it's no fun. i would also be proud that you have a solid relationship with
have a wonderful day! and for your future, have a great time. you can make this beautiful holiday by yourself and be with my mother and her, who are loving and caring.
that is awesome! i can't imagine how much easier it would've been to look at a tattoo than a professional one. with professional help, you can feel just so much stronger. i'm sure you've been validating those feelings forever. being a tattoo girl.... __unk__ do you have that first one yet? i can't see it till i'm at work, not until i meet one. : )
enjoy the rest of your day! : )
is there something you would like to talk about today?
i am good. how is your day?
ouch.. that is bad.. when was it?
i'm sorry. you are feeling worse about it than me?
i'm so sorry to hear that. how do you feel about the situation?
my friend did something that happen to me as well and i felt like i should be understand.
it sounds like this was just a stressful time in your life, and you do not know how to handle it. did he hurt you physically?
what are your thoughts about your friends?
have you tried talking to any friends and let them know how they are handling this situation?
i see, that must be really difficult and disrespectful.
have you made a list of your felices and perhaps suggested a meeting
have you spoken to any other friends or family about it?
i'm certain that you are worth talking to about the reason why he chose to disrespect you - the reasons that you are disgusted with him
do you have any friends you can talk to about it?
yes that sounds like a great start. i believe in you!
my parents are the same way. i dont see my mother and brother, but my brother watches and read books
you're welcome, stay strong and you have this!
well, the best thing to do is just talk to your friends about this and maybe let them know your feelings.
thanks for saying so! i hope that helped and it was not offensive
right and people do not ask for details. they do not say what is causing the problem. you should open up and say what you can do to overcome this
just try to relax for a few __unk__ d
thank you for sharing your thoughts. enjoy the rest of your day.
i'm glad i was able to help you out
how so? is this trouble with the job or about the time you were in the store?
what was the trouble you had in your job?
that is a very reasonable stance to take.
i think you will be ok! i know it can be really hard to find a good job when we're worried, but it's worth a shot! you can always work from home if you need to. it's been my experience with jobs i had not until recently, it can be very stressful at times.
sometimes we struggle with finding jobs and staying at home while facing challenges...
but that is so good that you are seeking advice from a counselor, it is possible to move forward with your life without worrying about this.
i know it's really hard right now, but i think it's only time. i think you'll find something, you know?
that is very honorable of you! i'm glad you are doing that! i do feel guilty when i think back to when i was going through a break up with my friends.
so i can see that your frustrated about this and that it has turned your life upside down and you feel unwelcome?
it sounds like you are ready to seek professional help. it's great that you have worked on your degree, it has been great to make sure that you have it. are there any support groups that you could join?
i know it can be helpful to feel a bit help" about your situation.
i'm glad i could help!
nice talking to you too, i wish you the best of luck!
i know we can all come together at this moment and it looks like things will work out
anytime! enjoy the rest of your day!
i am fine, how are you?
what is the issue with you? i'm sorry if i was vague.
is there anything you would like to talk about that i can help you with?
that sounds difficult. what do you do for work?
do you think you could have given them another hour of study? or is it your last year's degree that it's a waste of time?
and what other classes do you study in school?
that's awesome. you're a great student.
hi! how are you doing today?
how is your evening going???
i am good thanks. is there anything you would like to talk about today?
wow that is so weird i can't see them. the ah covid chat. i thought you had been out for a while? i always thought you were back home from school
how can i help you today? i am very sorry if i didn't get a message.
you have been together for years? you still have time. do you need help getting over the loss of a friend?
that is rough, i know. maybe have something personal to do?
you are doing a great job, trust me
you too!!! stay strong.
did you ever feel it was covid related or just a covid problem?
so your staying a night and not sleeping is normal and you have no idea when you did it?
i feel that you are experiencing depression and just feeling down because you are unable to enjoy things. do you have any suggestion for some things that you think you would like to do that will help you feel better?
i know a lot of people like to knit but i don't have the desire to do it personally.
my husband and i are planning on going to vermont and the skiing season of next year. i think that would be so beautiful!
i'm glad you are taking the time to talk to me. i hope you can be prepared to give yourself a trip out the rest of the year.
no i am not familiar with that area but it sounds like a wonderful idea.
i am so sorry to hear that. i hope you find someone to talk to. you have your family, you have a family.
no problem. god has been without a future for a long time, so do not be so overwhelmed with hope. i believe you will find happiness.
do you have any other questions for me?
i see, it sounds like you have a difficult time
i can feel you and have felt this way a lot.
can you afford to travel by bus or on a train?
have you ever thought about reaching out to people in your neighborhood to make friends? often times i meet some people online that are close to me and then just chat with them.
i understand exactly how you feel. it is great that you are able to lean on it.
we had a rain break at my work and that helps me a lot as well.
after summer, the sunlight and fresh air can be very helpful for refresh.
so you feel you can completely depresuppose why this pandemic has made you feel bad?
have you ever tried therapy or medication to help you cope? or have you tried doing both?
yes, a sense of pressure and pain in your chest and eyes can help relieve stress.
have you thought of hiring a retired financial therapist to help you out in a given time?
i am sorry to hear that. how may i be of help?
so you are having a problem with your online classes? what's making you fail?
it is good to think that you are learning to care and love the game. however, it is a matter of mindfulness and making a difference in your chances of success, so you can come out of this negative mood when trying to play video games.
ah, so it's been going on for awhile. do you have any other interests or hobbies besides playing games?
do you think you can take some time off?
i've often had a problem with my anxiety before. it's not a complete anxiousness, but it happens.
ah, i see. well, you should certainly try to prevent it if you can. try not to put yourself in that position though. do you feel like you are stressed out by the situation?
that is too bad. would it be beneficial to do some online gaming if you have a small group? perhaps you could listen to some of the tv shows or movies that you like?
i think you should tell your school counselor that. some churches are able to offer counselling for free, and it would be worth a try. maybe you could try some free counselor that can't hurt your grades.
is there a specific school you might find them at? there are groups that might even be able to support you.
or what would be your next option?
maybe you should talk to your high school counselor? they might be able to help you in anyway you can.
yes, it is very difficult to judge someone's playstyle by looks, especially with a video game, and it would be hard to know whether you were being tro__unk__ sorry or tro__unk__ corrected, especially as there are a lot of things to do with game time.
best of luck : ) have a nice day
you as well : ). hope you can make it to plat!
have you been experiencing any of these feelings lately?
i'm very sorry to hear that.
when do you feel comfortable going out?
i wish you all the very best and hope you have a fantastic day and stay safe too.
thanks for your shared story! i hope you have a great rest of your week.
there are some other times when it feels like we are stuck in a dark place, do you think that might be a good idea?
can you try to concentrate on mindfulness?
same i went through the same thing as you.
there's a whole lot going on in our lives that needs to be perfect to be successful.
it is. my first week was still a weird one but i've come to know that i have a lot of room and options now.
i can imagine that you're probably right, if you really think about it. at the end of the day, you have the power to decide what you should do, you just have to decide if you like what you're doing.
yes, in my opinion, that is a really good attitude to have. there's nothing wrong with looking for ways to help yourself, even if it is indoors.
i see. so it sounds like you feel that there is someone else in your life who is committed to the safety of others but you feel that you have no stake in their safety?
have you tried therapy? it helps to calm your mind and mind.
of course, i think there are a lot of things that can be solved from here, such as if we don't get to go out, we won't be able to.
have you thought about new technology? i've noticed in recent years that with some changes in technology we have felt quite relaxed and more free.
do you have any specific goals or goals for the future?
that's awesome to hear! have a great day!
great! i hope things pick up again for you and your family soon. i know they're feeling unmotivated.
that's great! you seem intelligent and heprofunyghtful and you seem eugenically intelligent and tireful as well.
you too! goodbye. i hope you get to hang out with some other people online.
you too! i'm rooting for you to get through this!
me too, i can understand how you feel. why is that?
it must be very difficult for you right now, given your situation. can you tell me about it?
what are some of your concerns? i have a few family members who are being hurt, too.
in any case, i can tell you are very concerned about the future. do you think it is time to relax and take deep breaths?
i totally get it, i have been affected by this event personally and i know how anxious it is, i think it would be a good idea to look at how someone has struggled in the past for a different reason, and maybe get back to where you are at.
there is often a lot of information on those who are afraid, and this is so much more complicated than just news.
i find that practicing yoga, reading, and writing helps me, and i find that it's just as helpful to shut down the world.
you're welcome. i wish you a very happy christmas!
no problem, i hope i can provide some help.
i definitely understand that. short sets of sad, sad heart attacks can also cause so much distress.
i think you are probably right. you are dealing with an all out advantage right now. it's hard to know what to do about it.
you're welcome! i wish you the best of luck in the future!
what have you been doing to find healing?
great! tell me your problem so i can work it out.
i can understand. perhaps you could try trying to socialize with other people by yourself?
you should let it out! just one last question, do you have any friends you can hang out with?
did you contact him? maybe that will make things easier in the long run.....
how long had you guys been together?
ok and if he can't leave you alone in an hour.. you can take your order
yea, me too i feel like a lot of people don't follow the guidelines. maybe it is time to go and form your own life.
to realize the difficulties in your relationship, it should be shown that you are capable of loving it
just don't feel sad. because you did not see him or talk to him
i am here for you, stay positive and do the right things..
you are welcome. it is normal to feel depressed sometimes.
please try and press the quit button for help
yes, good luck! make sure you chat with your boyfriend before any of this.
i'm sorry to hear that. what specifically is stressing you out?
i'm sorry i can't be of help to you. what happened?
it sounds like you have a lot going on, i think. are you currently working, or doing academic work in person?
yes, i can definitely understand that. that is a really stressful situation, especially since you already feel stressed. do you think it is at least possible for her to give you more success on your assignments?
that sounds really sweet of her. is there anything else that would help?
you have a great attitude, you are an awesome person for keeping yourself focused and ful
a whole new world needs to change, as though there has never been a true solution to changing this situation. the system has shifted so much from that we don't really know what to do.
i would definitely try to make it clear to her that you are being given a choice but you do not owe her money. however, there is no doubt she is always attracted to you, it's her
do you have any friends or family that might help?
or is there something else you might be interested in doing in the future?
i think it's safe to assume that your mind will be okay, especially if it has been affected by your life.
definitely, i absolutely love school. i found a lot of that in school.
what do you think you can do for yourself to enjoy your studies? what else do you think you can do to improve yourself?
can you think of ways to make time for yourself? doing social things with friends isn't really easy, so i wouldn't do it immediately.
that's great that it is a social interaction. it sounds like you are able to keep that in mind with your studies. is there anything you need to do to let your mind on it and i can help you with your schooling?
i know that that is a difficult situation for everyone, but perhaps one day you can talk to your friends about it.
that is a good idea. my friends could be some sort of friendships. i hope they feel more comfortable around you in college. you might also see them mention a study group or study group that you could join.
you have every right to feel that way! i have a feeling that the important thing is to be willing to help make things better for yourself. are there any other things that you can think of that make you feel more hopeless?
hello, how are you doing today?
what type of work do you do?
when you give the presentation, what about other people?
what has happened to make you fear this
do you have a large group of people to start the presentation with? maybe you could go on video chatting for a few minutes, and put on on a mini video chat and then try to just talk about the situation in person?
that is good that you are doing your part and doing your best. you will get through this, everyone is doing their best and as you approach the stage, you are working on the technique and working hard to overcome this nervewreck.
how about leaving your friends and family to watch your presentation live? have a movie night or a quiz?
yes, it has. it can be effective, but it is hard to get caught up in the pandemic.
i can tell it is frustrating when your competition looks down on you
ok, keep your head up! please do not give up!
welcome. it's been a pleasure speaking with you today.
i'm well. how are you?
what is making you feel depressed? maybe i can help you with that
you are feeling a bit overwhelmed by the state of the world, can you clarify this for me?
i would suggest making your schedule include a local foodbanks that you can use for counselling or reddit. this is the better way to handle the situation
personally i find self care and other activities that make me feel better to take my mind off it.
so your thinking is the struggle is ending. is there any way we can cope with the current state of affairs?
we all need to remain positive. i would recommend limiting contact with people at work, approaching them as they are unfriendly, however, stop blaming yourself for your problems. i also would advise to sit down and talk to your friends and family.
you have already used your best last year, which was a good year!
sometimes i wonder if it is a wise choice to think outside of the box to not wear any mask. our society tends to lean more on mask wearing, so i suspect that you will feel very comfortable in mask wearing.
sometimes a real job doesn't equal direct contact. you just have to focus on your heart! i would say a vacation is a decent start
yeah, we all need to get out and explore the possibilities for food delivery in the future.
you are very welcome! i hope you feel better about your situation.
i'm happy to hear you feel that way. have a great day and same to you!!
that is tough, but everyone has rough troubling days at some point. what's the paper about?
yeah i am sure that will make you feel good. how did the paper go?
i understand. i understand that this can be overwhelming. you sound like a smart student so i do think you will do well
with school and college though, i can imagine you feeling the same way! it's very hard to make a small amount of money but then you worry about being in trouble.
ah yeah, that sounds like a very hard situation. i feel bad for you!
that sounds like a good plan, too. don't let the feelings take your mind off it
what sort of idea do you have for yourself?
a safe place to feel safe too.
just keep working towards trying it. they come from the study of health and the trip can be good for creativity and other ease of ourself
well just try to make sure you put some food on your table and you don't put anything up there. : )
no problem! i am happy to chat and have a good day.
that's awesome! exciting times. hopefully with the right person in the right field we will all be successful like you.
is this a fairly academic field? some people work from home. i didn't either but i work from home and it seems to be a good thing.
i actually went to college and applied for a job in it. i was surprised how many jobs i had.
that sounds great! what's on your mind right now?
if i may ask what the new deadline is?
have you made plans for the paper?
oh, i see. is there anything else you would like to talk about?
what do you think of your next project then? maybe i can suggest talking to a therapist for your form of communication.
i think you will be fine with that. i personally do it every day. do you have your paper done in two weeks?
and then you have accomplished your goal! i am sure that is a great start to the challenge.
yes, i think that would be great. it will help you stay motivated and make you more confident.
i find that practicing expocoworking helps me destress.
i hope you feel better, and i know deep breathing is a great idea.
it sounds like you are going well! have a great day!
hello how are you doing today? can you explain more?
oh i am sorry to hear that. i understand that feeling is very hard. have you talked to anyone about it?
my goodness.. that sounds awful.. so they are trying their hardest to take care of them though right?
my goodness, that is horrible. i can imagine how anxious that would be for you. have you ever talked to her or her father about her fear?
i think you should be able to add covid by using your spouse and her family as inger. the three years it takes to get married would only make it worse.
yes i understand, we cannot get married due to border restrictions but i understand that you and your fiance need to take it slow, is that correct?
unfortunately, if you want to get things moving for a while, you need to make sure you have a clean, legal transition, at least for now. i'm sure there are other options out there though.
the big thing is that you are finding yourself in a hard time after 3 years of marriage, so you need to see a lawyer to give you a piece of mind.
i understand your concern for your fiance but do you want to know how can you help her?
is there anything else i can help you with?
good luck. take care. the sun is shining!
you too, stay safe out there.
doing okay thank you. what's been on your mind?
from what i hear, you feel that you are too boated from the situation to make any move for a relationship?
that does sound like an awful lot of responsibility.
are you considering any ways to enjoy life at the moment?
how are you feeling now? it is important for you to remember that you are out there.
don't worry, people are just different than you. i just want you to know that there are so many different genders and questions that are going on. it's no wonder so many people are still open to those types of relationships.
do you see any chance of some sort of change in your life?
it might be different in the coming year. but, you will be successful as in you will be able to work out things and when it comes down to it, it will be all about who you are. are you likely to have trust issues with the first person or two?
yeah, sometimes it's good to do things out in the open so that you can avoid competition.
i am sure if they find out there is competition in these situations, then they will find out. trust me, even though it may sound like you haven't learned any valuable lessons in your personal life, you can think about what kinds of things do you want in a relationship. i can tell you this from experience and would like to hear if it's something that will grow more into a relationship.
yes, finding someone who doesn't have a chance to find out is a tough decision to make.. but i think you can find a good one!
of course. i'm glad i could help!
i'm good how are you?
why are you feeling sad? is there something going on?
ok so you're having to take care of your finances and i'm not hearing that
yeah the economy is different. covid has really effected a lot of things right now.
well i'm glad that you're meeting things out with your co__unk__ workers right now
that might be an idea. do you feel that you could talk with your boss?
i know it's hard to find new options but once you can get off work, you can always find some new ones.
is there any side jobs out there that you can take on with your work?
i worked for a video business company, but i was not looking for remote work, but just looking to be more of an asset.
i just started to get into remote work with a few of my co workers and that definitely helped,
that sounds really nice. it could be a good job for you and a good starting point to give you some savings.
it was my pleasure! have a good day
absolutely! things like netflix are becoming more and more overwhelming, i am hopeful we will see a massive wave of virtual things in the next few months.
hello how are you?! how can i help you?
anything else bothering you? my dog is sitting on my face.
what sort of work are you in?
do you think that you are correctly putting money aside just to pay it off?
if you feel the reason for leaving is because you feel you deserve better, then i believe it's worth a try.
your welcome, i really hope you have a great job.
i think that being in the same job is a great idea. it's possible you could make an extremely significant difference in how much of a difference that might be.
if you can't leave, at least your desire to pay for something is alive and well! if you're worried about losing your job though, that might be a good idea.
you're welcome! i hope that this job evens out for you.
you too! thanks for talking and i hope you feel better soon.
i am sorry to hear that! breakups can be quite hard. have you guys talked to your friends?
that's really hard. how long were you together for?
i am so sorry to hear that, i can understand that... it happens to everyone.
have you talked to her about it? sometimes it is natural for her to be upset with you and then it turns out you both are not agree.
could you perhaps give yourself a break up to see what happens? maybe give yourself an indulge that you would consider if things hadn't been so great in the past.
how long were you together for? what did you think of the situation?
have you talked to her recently about the relationship? maybe she can clarify things?
or don't say anything in the first place!
you're very welcome! i hope you feel better now
have you tried chatting with your boss about how you feel about your job?
wow you must be at least semi interesting. how do you feel about the shift?
was it an online job or a retail job?
that's good to hear, but i understand how hard it must be to not feel accomplished at your job, and there is probably someone out there who would also want a change.
at least you have more options, and i think you are going to be successful in finding something you like to do when that happens. are you looking for work through linkdin or indeed?
do you have any online support system that you can find online? sometimes when we have a pandemic we find support from people who need it most in a geographical area.
that is a great line of thinking, you can't be stressed out when you should be happy. you can feel that it is true!
they will be able to work with you on making you feel more fulfilled or if you can get out of work even if it's because you do not feel like it.
but one thing that i noticed is that after a situation like this, it is easier to think of the benefit of trying something new.
ok. that sounds like a good position to be in. is there a lot to talk about?
i do understand how you feel. however, some people simply feel a sense of fresh air which will lead to their mood changing. i do hope that this is not your main source of joy anymore.
that is good to hear! i can definitely understand what you are feeling, though its good that you are finding a good approach to it!
that sounds like a great idea! maybe i can get you on a list and support you!
you are very welcome. have a good day and take care of yourself.
you too! have a great day.
