What is going on? What problems do you have? They could be a lot, and I can help you. Can you share it with me? Let me know. I'm here to help.
So you feel that you have a problem with motivation and what motivates you now isn't as strong as it once was? This is a common phenomenon known as a post university adjustment and it doesn't usually lead to physical activity... unless you let it.
It seems like there is some tension at the university. Are you feeling isolated in a situation? Have you spoken to the professor? And are you allowed to look for a new school? I think that you would find a new school if you go through that process.
Well that means I need to say that I can understand that. Not all schools have such offerings. Is there someone you could speak to about that? I can look into that if you'd like. Do you have any family or friends around you?
Also from what I have experienced and heard from others, school counselors usually know how to help you. They may be able to connect you with a potential tutor. And if the prof is not willing to work with you, perhaps speak to your academic advisor.
I would go to your school secretary or teachers association and ask if there was a counselor available. Also have you looked at external resources such as YouTube? I found the YouTube channel of cheatrian's, a physics professor, very useful for some physics concepts. I hope that has been helpful.
I would totally go for it. I went to a good school. Great education, much bigger than the smaller schools, and always one step ahead in degrees. I did not have much but I went to Harvard and graduate to earn advanced degrees and make a real dollar. Just something to think about.
Do you think this university does a good job? You have to be there if you are confident in the university itself. There is nothing you can do about your parents if you speak with them. You have to be honest with yourself. Do you want a job? Do you want money?
Transferring would give you a change to school if your professors aren't teaching well, at this university, but its worth a try, to explore more options. To become a counselor, you need more education. Maybe, you need more guidance and counseling to help yourself, and school.
You are welcome! I am glad that I could be of some use to you. Keep your eyes open! :) :) You are being very patient and smart for reaching out for help! Keep being so positive! :) I am rooting for you! You are going to do it!
Bye! Don't give up! I can definitely help you as well! From now on, you can quit the chat if you need any more help. :) Have a good night! Good luck!
So, you feel like there is some professional getting behind you? Is that right? And why do you think your coworker is doing this? Is there anything there that is confidential? I am glad you are taking this into your own hands and should maybe take it up with them yourself!
So this co worker has been working here for a year? Do you feel that this might be one of the main sources of your boredom? Is the work getting you into a bad mood? Or is it perhaps the fact that you are unable to talk to your co worker?
It's completely normal to have people go behind your back if there is gossiping. Do you feel like your boss knows? This is a stress cooker, they're probably getting stressed out too, let them know. They'll need stressors to deal with. Can they do this?
How do you feel about this situation? Do you feel confident in your ability to handle your job? How do you feel about working for someone who doesn't trust you? Do you want to speak with your boss about this? Would you feel better if this were resolved?
It sounds like the co-worker is trying to accomplish something they want to do. Is it something that the co-worker could accomplish without impacting others? Could it be that the co-worker feels that your work would then impact others? Does the co-worker realize the potential impact on your workplace?
You are in HR? Are you both members of the HR Department? Have you spoken to anyone from HR before? It's no small matter to report gossip to HR. It has to be done confidentially. Do you think HR would listen to your situation? What are some possible outcomes?
I feel you on this one too. This is a really stressful situation and the company is under pressure to deliver. Have you thought about talking to your manager about this? Do you have any evidence of how difficult it is to complete the report? I know you don't want to mention it.
Are they good friends? Are there others that have expressed concern to you? That helps to make a difference. Would they be open to discussing with your manager? That is usually the first place to take care of these issues.
I would advise to not be concerned about the comments the co-worker is giving about you, but not your job performance. You can bring it to your manager. In most cases the comments your co-worker is giving about you will not affect your job performance.
They may help you develop a strategy to improve the co-worker's attitude towards you. It will take a lot of effort from you, but I think you can do it. Your employer cares about you! I'm confident in you! I wish you the best of luck!
I am good. How are you? What can I help you with? What you are upset about? You can say all. You feel bad? We will do anything to help you! I can let you go if you want. What you want? Please tell me.
So you're upset because your friend made a lie about you? Is that right? Can you give me some more details about this? I want to be sure I understand what happened. What kind of deal was it? Did you get the money you had asked for?
So you were marketing your business product to potential clients and your friend screwed you out of the opportunity? I am sure you are right to feel bitter. I have been there before. I always wish I had stood up for myself and made better deals.
It sounds like he defrauded you not once but twice. You have no reason to believe that this is not true. Does he still be friends with you? That might be a good sign. Maybe that could mean that he has learned from his mistakes.
Just keep things in perspective and try to avoid any more potential problems with him in the future. Have you thought about distancing yourself from him? There are many online communities where you could confide in friends and get advice from someone who might be less inclined to betray you.
We can discuss the safeguards that can be put in place for the future as well as and as well as you wish. Here's a little play-by-play of our relationship. I did not take advantage of our friendship as I have no idea that this would happen.
Well, at least you tried and it worked out in your favour in the end. Maybe you will make a similar mistake next time but can avoid it this time. I am sure it is not your fault. This is a thing that happens to people all the time.
That way you can refer back to anything you wrote or discuss. It might be a good start for the future. Do you have any other ideas? Like there might be some other resources out there that could help you find a solution? To get things off your chest?
If you're feeling alright, then you can start to think about your next move, whether that's dating, your career, a new relationship, or a wedding? Perhaps it's time to change your job? With all the progress we have made in technology, you can do absolutely anything you want!
Hello, how are you? What's on your mind? What I can help you with? In any way, what's going on with you? I am here to listen! Just let me know! :) What's on your mind?
How are you doing today? Is there anything you would like to talk about? I am here to listen. :)? Well everything seems to be going well, thanks for asking. Is there anything specific that you would like to talk about? I am here to listen. :D.
Oh no! I am sorry. Have you considered finding another job? I know it can be hard to find a new job. Some people struggle with this especially in these times.
Oh it sounds like you've worked hard for a very long time for your job to happen to you like this. Why don't you think your employee should be allowed to keep the job? How do you feel about his position on this issue?
I would definitely want to speak with a human resource manager if this is a regular occurrence for you and if they are not providing the support. Do you have any other support options such as a place to stay or what to do for food? I am a sufferer myself of anxiety and job issues.
I'm sorry to hear that. Do you think that he may have been unhelpful and sloppy with regards to your grievances? Is that the reason you feel betrayed? I'm sorry it sounds so selfish but life is short and too much can happen to the best of us.
Wow that's certainly a shock and not in the best of circumstances either. It must be really difficult to deal with. Have you thought about firing him? It sounds like he has made things difficult for you and I would think that you deserve better.
It's great you have many friends, if so that is great! Everyone knows someone you can count on! This will help you prepare for this new job. It is good that you are focused on your future! Or maybe work out if you can find a new job soon!
I am so sorry to hear that you do not feel you are treated fairly by your current manager. Just know that they are there to help you! Have you tried talking to them about it? If so, do you think there is a way to resolve it?
Yes, it's really not good to let these issues bother you. It seems to me you're managing your concerns. Do you have anyone that you can be proactive with in getting more opportunity for a job? Do you like to hit the gym? I went there often for about a year.
Do you have a support network outside of work? Friends and family? It sounds like you may have a great support system. You are correct that you will have a better job and it sounds like the future is looking very bright.
Great way to think! I have had my share of scary times and while I was in hospital I ended up feeling really lucky and grateful for life. I also worked a lot of nights before going in and I think it was that and a sense of purpose in life that really made it easier.
I have this very thing but never reach out and let others know they are right. Sometimes talking to yourself or listening to your own thoughts and reactions will help you think and make more of a plan. What are your goal if you think you can improve yourself?
No I did not realize that. Are dogs suitable? Maybe nice dogs to visit in their yard? Someones girlfriend of my knows a good pet store nearby. There is a regular dog show there. :) maybe you can visit and see dogs there.
I think you have a great vision. You deserve to be happy. Maybe think about a mentor and a great career path you could consider. Have a few minute conversation with them. Ask them for advice. Let me know if there are any suggestions for you to get started.
That is great! I wish you all the best. The end....If there is more to this conversation you could press more but I can't do that now since I have to end. Thank you....And if you have another question please feel free to ask.
You are welcome. Thank you for your time and enjoy those fish! Let's talk about other angles when you feel more relaxed. You can reach out to me anytime. Goodbye. Have a great evening and time off from work. Enjoy!
You are welcome. Can you start talking now? and quit the line. And press the quit button to end. I can't wait!. Good Bye.!!.
I can understand how that feels. Have you been having sleep problems for a while now? Or is it a recent thing? Is there anything out of the ordinary? Like new drugs, or something else that might be bothering you? I am here to listen. I do not mind!
Keep active and exercise regularly. You can also drink green tea which is known to be beneficial for sleep. Would you like to give it a try? Also, avoid chocolates as they are not good for you. If you get tired do not go out of your home.
I exercised this way for about 2 weeks. I first woke up from my work and stretch. I stretched my body, legs, and back with this routine and I noticed big difference in my sleep patterns after 2 weeks of practice. Now I sleep soundly every night.
This helps and also burns calories that you are supposed to do. The research prove that while sleeping you are burning fat to be ready for the next day, so they must burn fat. Not coffee. Not drugs. They don't burn fat if you are awake or are asleep.
Anyway, I feel that you have got some time to search and find some kind of solution to sleep problems. Take all your time and let it be your priority. It will help you and you will be able to get your required rest. I wish you all the best. Take care.
I mean yeah, but definitely do these things before going to sleep and make a positive changes in your life life. You will do really well and get a good sleep. Do you have any other ideas? Well, I am really not so good in these type of problems. Can you help me?
You can either feeling refreshed and sleep till the next morning. It is a combination of these things but I do believe it will help in a long run. You can see the difference but it may take a while. Different people react differently. It works best for me. For everyone it's different.
It was about 2 months of trying different exercises which is another hour of my day but it is worth it. Now I sleep way more than before. My partner also appreciate my change. She have tried few methods but she also try it like me and other strategies.
If it doesn't improve right away you can try these methods multiple times - only one time if it doesn't work. Be consistent and patient. The body and mind takes time to adjust and recover. You don't have to do all at once. Take it easy and you will feel the improvement.
After seeing the improvement in my sleep, I felt relaxed and more hydrated too. Our body needs sleep to repair the body. We need to take the time for self care. You need to do the same. Thank you for sharing your story. I wish you all the best!
Yeah with sleep you will feel happy, less stress, more energy. When you sleep you have so much energy to perform daily activities. Happy to see your wish come true. Thank you for letting me tell you about my experience. Please ask any more question. I am there to help.
great, that's good to hear. I'm doing well, thank you. What can I do for you? Sometimes these kind of conversations help a lot. Would you like to talk about what's bothering you? I can listen if you need someone to talk to.
That's a challenging process and I can really relate to that. Do you have any work experience? I can really help with that. Do you want to go through a resume thing, I have a bit of a resume knowledge so you could benefit from that.
What field were you in? Or were you self employed? That makes the situation even more challenging. Things are a bit different now. Do you have any other income? Unemployment pay is pretty low. Do you have any relatives or friends you could turn to?
Yes that's perfectly all right. I know a lot of people who have found work as temps. I've had more success that way. How do you feel about taking something on the side? It's a great way to increase your chances of finding something more permanent.
You are correct. But if you work at a stable job, it could eventually pay off in the long run. Also, there are some strategies that could help you find a suitable job. Consider asking friends of friends if you know anyone in your field.
What are your hobbies? Maybe you have something that you could make money out of? It might help with your mental health too. It's hard to think of anything right now with covid. Allowing yourself to enjoy something you like is very important right now!
I would recommend something that will allow you to work as a freelancer? Are there any particular skills you've got that might make you suitable for that? Or could you get some experience working outside your usual field? It depends on what they might ask from you.
Okay so it sounds like computer skills might be an area you can use your spare time to learn further or maybe help someone else build their career. Sounds like a good way to use your time. Have you considered enrolling in a course of some sort?
I have a sister who teaches a few courses online she said they're relatively easy to learn and there are some small payment structures in place for people. Have you thought of that? It might be a nice start to build your portfolio.
The temptation of extra cash is a big factor so I hear you on that. Well do you have any hobbies you'd like to do? Like anything I could recommend? Possibly?
There are something called the government's universal credit which would help you pay your bills in advance I think. You could use that if you can't go to work. I hope that helps. You're very welcome! You can end the chat if you're not happy at this point.
What about looking for a job to start with while you do temp work? Maybe something slightly more rewarding? You could also put that on your CV as an entry point. Have you tried putting in applications? Maybe on your Facebook?
Hi, how are you today? What seems to be on your mind? I am here to listen! 😉 What would you like to talk about? Maybe we can make it more productive? 👍️ イ I am here to listen! 🙂 What would you like to talk about?
I am sorry to hear that. What is happening? Maybe we can help find some sort of solution? Why are you feeling sad? Are there things going on? Could you please describe it? You can explain the situation and it will help us to find out what we can do.
Why would she not have any excuses and you only have to chat with her? Why do you find it hard to hang out? Can you share any more details?? I believe that is the only solution to that! Use her excuse on her. A fun excuse can really work for you.
That would be hard for you. Have you tried talking to her about this? Is there a chance you could fix it if you just discuss this? Maybe she's still just busy, so it would be great to have something to show for the spending time you spent together.
One way to show her that you care is to give her a gift or take her out for a bite to eat at some local restaurant. This is all about being genuine, and who doesn't love good food?
Have you tried reaching out to her again in a few days and letting her know how you feel? Sometimes just being upfront and clear about how you feel can help resolve problems and what is frustrating to us. In some cases, reaching out and letting people know how we feel is very necessary.
It sounds like she really doesn't care about you. I would try to avoid her, if I were you. You are right, you deserve someone who cares about you, who prioritizes you.
Yes you could take a break from her. But that will give you a little time to collect your thoughts. You should also think about asking a friend you are close to if they will be there to talk you through a big change in your life.
I would suggest the first option. But also just try to stay connected and know that you are still friends, you can be a little more remote but still be connected. That way you can still remember the good times and feel like you are close even though you are not physical.
my pleasure. If you have any other questions, feel free to ask. Thanks for talking. Good luck! Have a great evening.
hi, how are you? pornofil날ดีเป็นอย่างไร??
Ok, what other classes are you considering? Could you tell me more about what your interests are? What type of skills do you want to have in the future? And are there any special courses that you're interested in? So I know you could talk more about that.
How about things like career services? Have you checked with your school to see what they offer? They can be very helpful! Do you have anyone else on campus that you are concerned about? Maybe one of your professors? They might have a connection at your school!
Well, you want to avoid taking psychology classes? I understand, this is hard with the pandemic but I do hope things start to look up soon for you. I'd try to talk to your university advisors to see if they could help you get a scholarship.
What are your interests? Are you majoring in communications, social work, or something else? I can think of some courses you might be able to take. I can get that for you in less than an hour or more if you need that info.
I would try to see what is he waiting on from his classmates. What have you talked to him about? Maybe he wants to take a class in the same year as you. Sometimes professors like to keep their interest open.
Do you have plans? What are your goals for the next year? What do you like to do? What do you think you could use help with? You might get a mentor, or at least a resource to help you!
No problem. Good luck with your education and the job market! The latest data shows some retailers really got hit hard by COVID-19, but there is hope and experts think the better we get, the better we are likely to do when the market picks up again.
You know that is a good start. I hope that helps you make a decision. Best of luck with it. Let me know if you have any other questions. :) Have a good day! :) Can you leave?
Your welcome. Have a great day. Get out there and show those dreams!. Come back if you need help. :).
Take care! :)! : ) :)! :)! :) : ) :) : : ) : :) : :) : : :!
Let's start from where you are sitting right now. Is there anything specific you would like to talk to me about regarding COVID 20? My pleasure to talk. I am not bad, just feel my best at this time. I will keep it as fun as possible.
I see. Can you tell me more about what you are saying? Why did you identify in London? Have you been there for any reason? I am interested in hearing about it! 😊. If you are not here for any reason, can you please let me know as well?
I believe it does help to control it. Are you hoping to get it? Are you worried about it? How are you feeling about it? Really sorry I'm not doing a great job with answering your questions, I hope you can tell me you are in London. Is that true?
Are you in London? I know some of my friends got vaccinated in that city. Have you? I am not in London, but I live near it. It's really scary to be living a normal life with all of this going on. I am in Texas.
I can understand that. I understand how you're feeling about everything. Everything was so chaotic in the past. Is this the same for you? Have your relationship with anyone changed? Have you lost anyone? Has your health been affected?
As for side effects, some people report that they have a high fever. I have to say, this has only happened to me a few times. Not common. Sounds good. Keep that in mind. I am doing a lot of work online today, which might be tempting.
I am surprised you are remote. I usually see many others working from home, I think there are more people working from home now. I know you probably never do anything outside of work that is necessary. I am glad you have taken all the precautions possible to keep yourself safe.
That's very thoughtful of you. What do you think you will do to better yourself mentally and emotionally when this is all over? This is still a sad time for all of us. I hope we can find a way to look at it positively and learn from it.
Not a problem. Hope that at least helps. I have to say I am a bit concerned about the elderly, they are at risk of going to the hospital and maybe not making it. Please keep following the guidelines and try to stay safe.
I was able to connect from my home here in England! Cheers! :) The weather is freezing so it's cold but lovely :). Can I assist you with anything else today? :) :) :) :) :)...just kidding!
Hi. How are you today? Maybe you could tell me a little about yourself? I am here to listen. My chat is for now. Your turn. What is on your mind? Not sure how this works, but I am here to listen. Can you please tell me?
I am sorry to hear that. Can you tell me what is bothering you? Is there something specific that is making you feel disturbed? Perhaps there is a specific reason why you feel that way?
It's especially hard in a pandemic, right? People are looking for ways to increase their pay. Do you have a job? Maybe someone noticed your resume and asked to meet up for an interview? Did you recently graduate?
So, if I understand you right, you're feeling that you're wasting your time putting in all this effort to become an engineer. Is that right? Any good reason for that? Is it that you'll never use your degree to your advantage? I'm genuinely sorry to hear that.
No, but I can relate to feeling uncertain about our goals. I had a really hard time finding a job when I graduated from college. It took a while, but eventually, I landed a job. I think there are a lot of resources out there to help you with that.
What challenges did you face during that experience? I was in university and tried to do my best, and even if it wasn't perfect, it was still hard to stay focused, I have not been in university for a while!
I understand. I have had a lot of students apply for the same job after graduating and it's always upsetting to be the less desirable candidate. I've found it helpful to start looking for jobs and see if I could interest the company in talking to me personally.
From what I understand, you are worried that your major may not lead to a well-paying job because of the current job market. Is that correct? If so, I would like to tell you something that I've learned from others in the past that could help.
It is a common feeling among many people. Have you considered talking to people around you or a counselor about your fears? Maybe there would be a solution to them. Sometimes talking is the best way to overcome those problems.
What do you think is the main problem? That is a great problem. Do you think you should terminate? By extension this means lose your job! Perhaps another job to get through this. Or get some personal therapy?
Do you have children? I am a mom of 5. I know how family responsibilities can impact things. Can I help in any way? :) I will even give a wonderful virtual hug! Are you feeling even more overwhelmed than you already are?
I have but that doesn't mean I didn't get there before being burned out. It is always possible to improve but I would recommend finding a path. I would look into specific help for burnout to get you through. Here is a tiny book suggestion.
I think I did a really important project one year when I was feeling depressed. It is something important to me. I know it is hard to deal with, but sometimes we are all better off not working. There are less responsibilities. Thank you for expressing yourself. It helps a lot to talk.
I am not married either. Being a single mom with three kids is challenging enough without no job benefits! Do you have any co-workers? I hear maybe you can get some connections in the long run. Maybe you can explore job opportunities that are still remote?
I did the right thing for my career and finances. I left the miserable job that I was in, but I also did the right thing for my kids. I think my kids are better off because of it.
I will do the same for you, and be totally honest in our relationship. If you take the job, we can look for you. I do not want you to feel guilt for something that is important to you and your children. That has been the only thing on my mind for months now.
If you can find another position, some entrepreneur built their business with friends by eating away at those friends who had much higher incomes than you. But with hard work, discipline and a hard lower, you can get by.
Good for you. My prayers are for you, to be able to do so. Very lucky indeed. Don't stay in the dark. These kinds of opportunities are limited, therefore, if you don't apply.
Do you have any personal drives to pursue your degree even if it's a work through honor role? Well, it makes it more desirable. I would definitely speak with the professor at the college. If you wouldn't be able to do that, let me know so I can help in another way.
I don't think the boss would not understand that unless you made your reason of look so it did not. Do you feel you would be comfortable doing that? No-one seems to be man enough to tell them no. Are you doing the right thing?
I am assuming you are referring to COVID, are you hospitalized? I have my parents taking care of me and have no clue what my covid status is. I am so sorry. I am an emergency nurse.
hello, how are you? I hope my screen is not too far away from you. I want to make sure I reach you properly and can assist you effectively. You can give me an outline of your problem. I'll try to help you effectively. Go ahead.
Yes, I can relate. I also suffer from extreme exhaustion, especially after meeting up with friends or doing anything at all. I know that I have a problem with anorexia. This might help a little. Have you noticed that you have any tendencies towards eating disorders?
So you see yourself as being an entrepreneur who is still developing your business? Are there a lot of bills that need to be paid? It's hard to imagine that you've not been working 24/7. Are you sure that you've really cut yourself off from work that much?
Have you had a chance to set boundaries for yourself? How do you set yourself up for your days and nights? Do you start and end your day when you feel awake? Or you wake up and go to bed when you feel tired?
What do you do for fun? Do you have hobbies that you enjoy? Maybe doing that will help you feel less tired at the same time. Maybe you can try getting in more exercise in your daily routine? Whenever I go for a walk before my next meeting, I feel less tired.
If you get up for groceries don't forget to actually do the grocery shopping at a store. Do people put in the time and do the shopping in the parking lot? Often you get a whiff of new odors or something. Getting up for a short time can be refreshing.
It does seem like a bit of a lonely experience at the moment and it makes me curious about how people are coping with this situation. Do you know if your uncle has any support or have you asked your family how they are coping?
I am so sorry to hear that, having someone close to you die due to this is hard to take. I think the illness is much more cumulative than most people realize. I hope that you are getting some better rest.
What are your major fears that have held you back? I'm sure that you have a lot to be proud of. You have these abilities to find ways to help others. Let's focus on finding your strength. Do you remember any of your goals for the past year?
Can you try to get out of your own room for a few minutes a day? It will help you to mentally pick up your end of the stick. Hopefully it will help with your mood and allow you to step out of this funk. Is there anything else I can help with?
Thanks! I'm glad I could be of some help! I hope you start to feel a bit better soon! :) Have a great day! :]!! : :) :)! :!! :)! :! : : :) : : : :) : :! : :! :) :!
Of course! I'm glad you reached out. All is well! :) Love talking with you! Take care! Goodnight. :)!
Hi! How are you? How can I help you today? Any problems? Have a good day! 🌞 :) 👋-John :) Anything you'd like to talk about? Please go on and share your thoughts!
Just type it, I am here to help you. :) I see you can't see the screen. Is there anything else I can help you with today? What is it about? Can you give me some context? :D. Can you tell me about the problem?
Have you talked with her after that? Was she listening to you or were you misunderstood? Did she change her mind? Do you think she could see that you were a good friend? It is hard for her to believe that she cannot spend time with you when you clearly stated you are busy.
If she would like to talk to you at all again let her know, let her know that you do care and just need to go about your work thing.
How about telling her about how horrible she is? Have you been able to do that in the past? I mean, we all have stuff we don't like about ourselves. I know I have stuff I don't like about some of my friends.
I can understand. I feel the same way about that couple. Don't you wish you could see the other half of that relationship? You need to work out why she can't work out herself.
I'm not sure that would be a good idea, as she will get defensive and that's going to make her more upset with you..
Your emotions do not dictate your friendship, it's how the other person takes it. Don't let her depress you more than it's already doing, that's your personal business. Give her time to cool down, don't feel you have to rush her.
If it's none of your business, then there is no need to tell her why you want her to leave but being personal isn't going to help anyone else either, if she wants to get back then she should be the one telling her why she has to leave, you on the other side.
I am glad you are talking about this so your end up will be better. Just set boundaries and be proud of yourself and your friendship which is worth in the long run. Enjoy your life! Stay awesome!!
Otherwise you are not going to be able to move forward, these are crucial steps. You must meet yourself in these moments, put yourself first, so you can move on and be ready for that. Your first steps is self healing. Come back stronger and winning and in control.
maybe keep yourself busy and seek some help from friends or part time job as well, to make peace with yourself. And try to learn a new hobby to keep yourself busy. Oh yeah you can also try yoga or meditate to find peace in your mind.
and it's not going to be easy to do these things during this pandemic but at least it will help you mental recovery. Keep in mind it will also take a long time but it's true : The tough times are part of the path : ) All the best!... Hopefully :)..
Yes, yes. Sorry about the disappointment but like I said it is for the best that it ended now, and you will find a better one who will treat you right.
You too and happy Holidays to you :) :) ;) :) : ) you got this! :D! :D :) : D :) :) :D : D :) : D! : D! :) : D! : D! : D! : D! :) : D! : D!
I'm so sorry to hear that, how long have you been looking for work and for how long have you been unemployed? I know losing a job can be really hard and depressing. I have had to go through this myself before.
Wow, that is a long time and you've given so much of your life to one company, to see them close is very distressing. Do you have a social network? Have you had friends to talk to? Friends that you've known for so long?
I have also lost jobs before. At first, it was scary and hard to understand where to go next, but have you considered part-time jobs? I always find that it helps when I'm not working full-time.
Absolutely, i have experienced that sometimes. Losing your job can cause depression, anxiety, confusion and even loss of identity. Being used to a routine is comfortable and normal, but loss of that can cause stress and uncertainty. I am excited that you are reaching out to talk about this!
I am sure that you will find a better job too! Do not feel you are at a loss! Believe in yourself and your abilities. You are doing the best you can and you are getting there! I am confident that you will make the transition from one job to another in the coming days.
I am glad that you are feeling supported. I know that things will get better in the end, and I trust that you will have some sort of employment soon. Do you have any hobbies or things that you like to do outside of work that can help take your mind off of things?
Yes, yes I do. Sometimes a new resume can get you to an interview much faster. In my opinion I'd start by updating social media accounts, doing any web pages such as LinkedIn and perhaps job boards such as Indeed.
No problem. I hope that you will have a better time with looking for a job. You are so strong and capable of getting through anything! You just need to let yourself feel the support and love. I know that you will be okay. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I understand that. Would you like to say more? Some suggestions you might think of are addressing your concerns and concerns of the job, offering alternatives of resume help, etc. Perhaps exploring this even more? I would recommend you try calling your friends and family.
you are very welcome, I am glad that I could help. I wish you all the best in finding a new job. You deserve it! You work hard and deserve a wonderful future. Take care and stay safe. I will be sending you some feelings to help ease your situation!
Please take a break as I can't do it as a platform, don't worry. Can you get off here? We will close the survey now. Thank you! Have a great day! :) You. Yes, hit the quit button :)!
Great. I hope you feel better and we have another session soon. bye! Enjoy your day! Thank you!
Yes, I am on your end, and I hope that I was able to help and not to stress you too much. I hope you can get through this tough time and that everything is okay.
I had a pretty bad day. Nice to meet you! What is your name? I can't provide my name unless you agree to share. I want to give you some gift money through PayPal. My button is the blue one.
Hi, how are you? :) is there something I can help you with? ;) 😊 Why haven't you been here in a while? My time is limited, though. What about you? What brings you here today? 😊 :) What else do I know to be a good buddy?
no, not that I can see from my end, I was having trouble understanding how to do it in this way so I cannot see it. Are you talking about a specific problem that you'd like to talk about? I can discuss with you about the things you're asking about.
Are you able to tell me what's going on? What brings you to seek support? This program isn't very good and I'm sorry you're having problems with it. Thank you for sharing. What is it about that is bothering you? What are you facing?
I am sorry to hear that. It is very tough to deal with. I understand your sense of loss. Have you thought of seeking help? A therapist can be very helpful. We are all on this path, together. There are people that can help you, I know.
It can be tough to find a job during the pandemic. Have you been looking for employment recently? That's very important for your future, and having a job would provide you with stability. Is that true? What are you looking for in a job?
Okay, it's good that you are worrying about it. The pandemic has caused a lot of business trouble, so I know that is your main concern for the conversation. I understand. Is there anything else on your mind? Or is this enough for now?
So you are looking to find a job when they might not give you a new job immediately? This seems difficult to understand. I'd start looking in that direction if I were you. What could be done? Have you walked around town? Have you checked job boards? What about telephone interview?
That sounds like a good chance of finding work. I would say it is possible but also does require the right applications and skills. Are there any online courses you could take to prepare? What do you feel comfortable with? I think talking to a website would be the first step?
I think I can help you because of our communication. I am waiting for a call from you! Can I respond? I am sure that you will be getting that call soon! Do you have any other contact information that you can use to reach out to them if you do not mind?
Of course, are there any other worries or problems you would like to discuss today? I am here to listen as well. I hope you have a wonderful day! Enjoy your new job! We can chat again if you need it. Take care.
Great! Having someone help with your resume would also give you the opportunity to get a list of many job openings. That can make you more prepared for future jobs. Would that be a good idea? That is a great way to start the job search!
No problem. I am glad I could help. Good luck in finding a new job! I believe in you! You are very nice. I hope to hear from you soon! (If it happens through text. I need to take it down since my time has run out!).
My name is Carolyn. I am doing well. Did I hear you were feeling tired? Would you like to talk about that? What is going on? Do you need anything? I am here to listen. Is there anything you would like to discuss? What do you think you are feeling?
I've been in a similar position in the past. I feel I've lost my identity when I was in between getting an ex and getting my biological mum. I'm not sure how to get out of the mess! Are you sure you can do something to change your feelings?
Maybe I can suggest something that worked for me? For example, I have always taken a shower or go outside and get some fresh air. It helps me feel more awake. Could you try something like that? Or another practice?
Perhaps a health problem? I have many difficulties myself with sleep. I wish I could say it is through weight loss but it is a constant struggle. With stress, sleep problems are definitely a concern. Are you experiencing stress? On some days of the month, I wake up feeling irritable?
I have found that too many work hours can take away my sleep and therefore my mental energy. If you are constantly busy and working long hours, do you think you are sleep-deprived? Perhaps you could try reducing your work hours?
I do the same thing. I like to use books and engage in research. It helps my brain. As for exercise I am planning on doing yoga and a morning walk after I get to bed. And ordering a pair of weighted jump ropes is a great idea.
I'll tell you a secret: it helped my issues sleep as well. Using pills I used to really helps too. Exercise is very beneficial for your health. Weighted jump ropes may be fun too. Maybe you can try other forms of exercise you like?
Do you have sleep disorders? For example, could you be getting chronic sleep apnea? If so, it may be affecting your sleep. Have you seen a doctor about it? Could it be causing some of the problems you're experiencing?
There are simple things such as a program to guide you through deep sleep or even listening to soothing music before sleep. Or perhaps just choosing to take a few deep breaths before falling asleep. What do you think? Do you have any suggestions of your own? I am here to listen too.
I have suffered from depression for most of my life, the first thing I did when I realized I needed to stop it was to go for a daily walk outside into the nature of my choice. Walking outside is so mentally beneficial for me.
Would that be a possibility for you? There are tons of podcasts like that. Have you got one on your phone? You can get some track for free too. I think I might have forgotten. Any good? I find Tracks one is very good. Do you want to give it a try?
I often find meditation helps me fall into deep sleep, and make good on my dreams too. That is important for our health. I hope it will help you. Well, I hope you have a good rest now! You can speak back if you need help to go to the doctor!
Okay so your room is dark. Can you relax to music? Try listening to something you enjoy. Not all music is created equal, of course! There is relaxing music you can find on YouTube if you look! :) Enjoy your sleep! Have a nice day! :) :)..bye.
I hope it helps! Hope to hear back and feel good in the morning! Merry Christmas!
Any advice you can give me! Have a good night! :) :) :) :)!
You too! Have a great rest of your night!
What has you feeling that way? Can you tell me more? Why you feeling that way? Is it temporary? I am here to listen and help in any way I can..Feel free to say more! :) Honestly I feel that way sometimes too so I understand.
That's definitely a good reason for a depressive feeling. You definitely had a good friend. What happened to your friend? I understand. What is the relationship like between you? Was it a short time before he passed? Did you try to support him, especially if you both hung out a lot?
Do you have someone you can confide in or talk to about how you are feeling? I personally have cried uncontrollably after my aunt passed away. It can be really helpful. We can too. Would you ever consider that? We are here for you!
Have you started to talk about the friend before they died? Many people feel that going through the funeral and losing the person brings a sense of closure. Would that help? I remember someone close to me went through that recently.
Have you ever found any words to say to your friend that have helped you through that feeling of them still existing with you? Some friends have helped my through a similar situation. I am understanding what you're going through. It's tough.
Do you remember during the life of your friend what made him unique and special? I am sure there was something about him that made you love him that made you believe he was still alive and wanted to know about you and the people you loved. Take a minute to reflect on those days.
Have you ever believed in spirits before? Have you ever received messages from the dead? Not supernatural ones, but from a place that resonates with you. I suggest you try a form of meditation that is guided, it may help you to calm your mind and find relief.
If you were scared in your sleep, and you can't shake the feeling that you're being watched. Maybe I can try to help you sleep. If I have to get up out of bed, I always find my way back to the side and curl up in my bed.
Has there ever been a time when you feel this way? Maybe try to research more. I know what it's like when I sleep and I see something strange. I hope that helps. Take care! As I write this I am tired and very weak.
Maybe his spirit is still with you. I hope this helps a little! You are doing a great job of talking about your feelings. Keep talking! My pleasure! I wish you the best. You are a rockstar! :) Goodbye! : )...
That's a great idea! Or maybe you could try to identify who he is? Maybe him is someone who left recently or maybe he is still there. Maybe he is talking to you to deal with you. Maybe you can ask your family if you can make sure that he is not someone bad.
It may take time, but it would be good to take it at your own pace. You don't want to rush to a solution without sure it's your friend's desire. I would still try to visit you once a week if you feel that way about him.
Hello! How are you doing? Can I help you with anything today? Haha. it's 12pm. Am I still late? lol. 😊 Sound off. I need to hear what you need. 🙃 When I can be helpful, how can I help you today?
Wow! That is hard! I can understand why you would feel down about it. Have you spoken with your academic advisor? I have been there too and they have been a help. May I ask where are you studying?
Just from your message I can tell you feel super stressed out. What are the reasons behind your failure of finals? Did you not study enough? Did you get lost in class? I'm always feeling the same way during final exams.
Ah I see. This seems like it must be very hard given that the pandemic means it all moves to online courses. Are there any methods you can take in the meantime to prepare for school? I personally have learned through YouTube tutorials that help a lot!
I see. Have you studied hard enough for the finals? Or are you not studying? What are your finals about? Also I am trying to figure out how to get an A on an assignment, since you gave it to me in class?
Awesome! I am sure it won't be easy, but you can do it! Is it a challenge to retain a lot of information in psychology? Do you have any good study group tips? I don't know what to do about psychology, I had a pretty challenging major.
I do not think you should drop it, but at the same time I do think you should drop your major to get out of the probation. I think you should get a good grade and make me happy! Do you want to talk about what kind of grades are needed to get out of probation?
It has been enjoyable talking with you today and I hope your class and studying goes very well! But if your grades fall you need to learn to ask for help! Of course, it is a lot better that you are thinking of that! That takes some courage, a lot of courage!
You don't have to feel bad about it. If you can adjust to taking fewer units, it is best for your life now. I think most professors would agree with this as well. Are you able to try an online quiz to get a better idea of what the course is really like?
It's not just the courses, it's the anxiety you are trying to eliminate. And I also get that you are going to be very tired with a 2-year-old. However, this is a great opportunity to invest your time, energy, and child in learning.
It is completely understandable that you would feel a sense of failure. This pandemic has been incredibly stressful for a lot of people. But you are proving that you are a stronger and more resilient person than most! As for a major, I think you should go for it.
I'm very sure you can! Take a deep breath, stay strong, and push forward! I believe in you! So proud of you! Hehe! You are more than any title or degree. You are a person! A great person! Now, I really believe you can do it!
Hi there, how are you doing? I can understand why you feel lost, this COVID pandemic is really hard for everyone. Are you studying for exams or work? please share a bit more with me? I will try to help you find a solution if I can. We can do it together!
So that's why you feel ugly all the time? Is there a way to go to the doctor to determine the cause? Or is there a reason you know you do not fit in? Maybe you need to get a new doctor?
Have you considered the food that you eat? I don't know how you were eating but if you haven't made any changes recently it might be worth looking into a diet program. I would be sad to hear that someone that you are feeling this way about.
Ah I understand. The key is to look at yourself positively. The exercise and physical change is a great positive change. You don't have to lose weight, just improve your body shape. You feel better and positive about yourself!
So you think he is not attracted to you due to your weight? Or the other way around? Am I right? Only someone who sees you physically can decide the best solution. I hope you would like to get the best solution! Can you talk about your feelings? I am here to listen.
That's great! When it comes to low calorie diet, it is good to discuss and talk about your diet with the nutritionist to see what you can do. Just make sure that you will need to work out and control your diet. I hope that helps.
I agree. As long as you have a good relationship with your family, you can make a balance between nutrition and kids. It is still very important to exercise every day to stay healthy. Maybe you can do brisk walking or swimming for short periods of time.
Are you still in the same state? And the pandemic has changed the mood of many people. If your problem is due to your diet, you might be able to get a refund on the food you purchased.
I'm so sorry to hear that. What about exercise? You can do it in your spare time. You don't have to lose time with your kids. Maybe you can exercise for a little time after you finish your household chores.
Tell him that and if he does not pay attention then move on. It's just a relationship that you deserve better than something like that. If he is this insensitive than he is not the one you want. It is all about what you deserve in a partner.
Just walk away for a little bit and think about other options. Yes, taking someone or two at a time would be a smart idea. Just make sure you drop by the gym regularly. And as for yoga, maybe take a morning or evening yoga class.
Hi there, how are you today? Would you like to talk? I am here to help. In order to talk, you need to give me something to talk about. Is there anything bothering you? I want to make sure I understand and give you the right answer.
I can definitely understand that. I do like to take the time to listen to myself and feel what is going on in my head. What is it about the politics that is stressing you out today? Can you please give more details if you would like?
Because it's all about opinion and most people don't know what's true or what's not...do you have any concerns about politics? Specifically, might it affect you in any way? Maybe you're a particular kind of person who is more or less against a particular group?
why do you think you are stressed? you don't tell me you are stressed, I would want to know what is bothering you. i do not feel as though I have done anything wrong that has made me stressed.
Has Biden won over Trumps support? Do you think Biden is going to give Trump any less than what he has given you? I ask because from my experience I believe in all four of the above - the democrats, republicans, independents, and the people. I believe in them all.
because your friends is your first priority! So, don't let things stress you out. If she doesn't agree with your choice, then just talk about it and see if there's any way you can go back and rethink it.
If you can just re-think what this holiday has been about, you will be back to being as happy as new you again no matter what happen that happened last year. People really don't seem to give a stuff about what has happened when there is a different kind of person there!
It sounds to me like the two of you need to have a constructive conversation about who supports Biden and who supported Trump or right now, you need to be the victim and correct her. just try to get your point across in a friendly way first.
I can see that you feel bad about it too because of her reaction last year after Trump won. I do hope that this newfound information has helped you get a better perspective on things.
That means you see her through her struggles and her highs. That says a lot, I would imagine. Have you ever considered helping her through this tough time with a support group?
well, that's good to know. I know that it might take some time but you will get through this. Let me want to say again that it's a great thing that you know her better than that. You are both good friends and that is a positive thing.
You too and good luck with everything! hang in there! :) I hope I was of some assistance. Take care of yourself! :) :) :) :) :) :) ;) :)!! :)!! :)! :)!! :)! :)!! :)! :);) :) ;!! :)!
Hello, how are you? Does not seem good today... can you explain? I am listening now, you can. And I want to make sure I understand your question, is it your problems I can help you with?
What is it about feeling low? Do you know what it is or do you know you are feeling low? Can you explain? Do you have anything else on your mind? I am happy to listen if you would like. I am happy to hear what is going on for you.
Oh, I am so sorry to hear that. Breakups are really hard. It's especially hard at the end of the year. Did you not get a divorce or did your partner and you divorce? Either way, it's hard. Are you okay?
Do you have any friends that you can go to? Those are always good for you after a break up. And if they are good friends you have a natural discussion to share your feelings? I've had that problem in the past. Did you reach out to them for help?
Do you know of anyone you could talk to? Your friends and family? Or possibly at a local therapy station? I feel that they could help you work out some of the feelings you are having. What do you think? Or do you think that there would be anyone you could talk to?
Did you discuss what you wanted to do with the money? Has he been trying to cut back on spending at all? probably he needs a second chance! maybe you can have an open conversation and suggest the credit card thing to see where you stand with each other.
It sounds like it was definitely your fault, even if he is saying it was yours. It is always your fault when you had a problem! :D It sounds like a pretty common argument that happens, in fact, many of us do have financial issues.
Was there anything else you wanted to ask? Maybe there's a second option that can help? Have you ever thought of that? Is there anything else you want to discuss? Only share if it's helpful. Always keep that in mind.
It is great that you want to talk to him, if he does not want to hear it out you should take a hard look at your finances and try to be aware of where you are spending money. You should check your accounts to see how much money is being used.
I hope your issue can be solved and you will find a way to work together effectively. I have faith in you! I am sure you will find a solution and take care of each other. Good luck! You got this! And know that I will be here whenever you need help.
You're welcome. I hope you can resolve your situation. I believe you will be happy if you can work things out and get closer to your heart. It seems you have good intentions in your heart. You are strong. It will be tough, but you can do it. Believe in yourself.
Great! If you need anything, don't hesitate to type. Good luck and all the best! You can do it!!! :) best wishes!! :) i believe in you!! :) best wishes!! :)! :) :) :) :) :) :)! :)! :)! :) :)! :)! :)!
I am sorry you are not doing well. What's bothering you? Is there anything specific you'd like to talk about?
Ah I can understand that. I've been working on a project and when I looked back on it I realized I had lost the introduction. Is there a particular reason you are having this problem? Are you feeling overwhelmed? Or are you simply not in the right mind set? We can discuss that.
Just to make sure I understand it is a necessary task. I have had problems starting to do certain tasks before. Have you tried closing the curtains? Maybe you're distracted. Is there something on your mind? Let's talk about it. How long have you been having trouble starting your task?
It must be stressful trying to gather the data to get what you need. Is that right? Sometimes our fears cause us stress rather than fearously holding onto things that are gone and aren't coming back. Do you think that might be the reason?
Is it the anxiety of getting started that is causing you to not start, or is it anything else? I can try to help you come up with ideas to stop your anxiety. Would that be something you could try?
The traditional thing to do with anxiety is to get out and get some exercise. Would you be interested in that? It would certainly help to clear your head. It's the first thing I do when I am feeling anxious. :) It can be really refreshing. Are you interested?
I am very hopeful! Is there anything else that you'd like to talk about? Would you like to meet for a cup of tea? I am very nice like. :) Imagine a sofa with a blanket. And tea. And chocolate and something else as well.
I think it is likely that you'll need to get some sort of support from a professional. Maybe you could volunteer to give insight into the cultural things? That would be helpful.
I understand. But perhaps you could discuss these things with a psychologist? They might be able to understand them more clearly. It seems a bit complicated to me but it could be an option. Do you feel like you could look into it? Perhaps you could start a facebook group?
Would you possibly like to look for a counsellor through your local GP or perhaps a community organisation? Have you thought of anything like that? I mean if you're already seeing a therapist do you think you could go to one who could also help with a community organisation?
No problem, if you need anything else don't hesitate to press the question button! Cheers. Have a nice evening!
I hope that you have a wonderful New Year! And thank you! :) Best wishes! :) Well done for talking it out and having a think! :) Goodbye!
You are welcome. I hope you are well and that I have been of help. goodnight! :) think of a good night's sleep. Take care!
Hello there, I am sorry to hear that you are feeling depressed. Is there a particular reason for this? Have you recently had a family member or someone close to you go through the same thing? I am sorry to hear you are struggling and I am here to listen.
It sounds like you're having a hard time after a breakup. What happened? Why did you end up together? That's often a source of problems. Let me try to help. When did you break up? What was going on to make you think it was a good idea to do it?
A long term relationship is a big deal, I can understand your frustration. Have you tried going out or engaging in an activity you enjoy? I think it could help take your mind off of her. Please give it a try. Is there anything that you have expressed any feelings about her break up?
Have you and your ex considered coming back together at some point? It's been hard for a long time, but it sounds like you're considering coming back. Have you talked to your ex about it?
Okay, I am sorry that they haven't been able to help. Do you live with them? Or do you have any other family members around? Have you been able to seek help elsewhere for your parents and brother? I am sorry about your parents and brother. Are they in your life?
That's great to hear, do you have someone else in your life? Maybe a new friend? Any hobbies you are passionate about? Any positive things in your life that you feel have been positive recently? And your work? Do you have a career?
And during the pandemic, things have been interesting! I am all about taking things one step at a time though. I've had a great time here, I live in California now! Do you have any hobbies you've enjoyed? In our household, I love to draw.
How have you been coping with the loss of your relationship? Do you find that it is affecting your daily life? I'm sorry I'm not able to see you right now. Is there someone else you can talk to? How do you do it? Is it online through a support group?
Good, that's a nice way to get your relationships back to what they are, no social distancing. It's great that you have found people who accept and celebrate you. Happy hour sounds like a great way to get back together!
Is there a way you could use work as a distraction? Maybe looking at work emails or reports or something to help counter the loneliness? Have you ever thought about doing some hobby work as well? Or even online work? I know it can be tough but sometimes you need distractions from the work itself.
That sounds like a great way to relieve stress. Let me know if there is anything else I can do to help. Have a wonderful rest of your day. Thank you! You are welcome! :) Hope you have a great night! Can't wait to chat again! :) Thank you!
That's a tough decision but I have been in the situation too. Since I've never really been in a long-term relationship, I couldn't really relate. If it were me, I'd try to avoid some negative people that affect myself directly and as be more understanding of my friend's troubles.
I would let a few months to a year to work on yourself first, so you aren't already hurt when you start talking to someone new. I would pick someone you already like, but who has interests that aren't so similar as your ex.
Actually 25 is not old. It's good to focus on being comfortable not being "old" that's an unsuggested age for engagement. It's a good time to be you. Have fun! Maybe you want to meet someone as we age?
Well, i'm sure it's not that easy for you, no one really knows what their life will be like in 10 years, we just have to take it one day at a time. They're never going to understand.
Take my advice and put yourself on the back burner until you feel ready and make you feel a bit better, etc. Remember, no one hits their full glory at 30 or 40 or 50 that fast. Stop comparing yourself too fast.
You too. Don't rush into anything. Take your time. If it isn't meant to be, then it isn't meant to be. I'm confident it will work out for you, especially if you stay true to your head, not your heart. Good luck!
Hello, how are you feeling? Is there anything you would like to talk about? I am here to listen. 😊 Can you tell me a bit more about what you would like to talk about? 👍 Can you tell me a bit more?
I understand that having a exam near is stressful. Is it related to your university studies? perhaps you could focus more on your study? I am sure you can do it! Hope you find some time. Is it related to the current pandemic? This might add some extra stress to your life.
i hear your saying you are behind in studies and cant finish your studies. am i right? right now is your exam near? i know how you feel its been long. how long is your exam? how many subject you have to finish. so it wont be bad if you start now.
You feel you can't do better but you can with help of your teachers helping and teachers may give you some extra time to finish your work or a advisor to help you finish your work and you might get a scholarship for that good thing may help you to finish your studies with time for good things to
try to do little daily motivators it works for me :) be confident about your studies then you can give more time for your work or you can keep on studying with better attitude. any of these please try me above.. we should keep going try to overcome this issue.
i think that you can make a new plan with your teacher then you will be fine.thats my idea.did you try any other idea or method that you used before?
i hope you feel better and after that you can take at least one exam :D hope you do it :D haha hope you can do it after i say you try :) :D :) haha :) :D :) :D haha :D,ok your worries are gone now :) :D :D
i spend 1 hour to 2 hour daily that help me a lot but your time can be more less than that how you plan? how much time you have left to finish?
you can try to be creative in your studying and your success will be 100% assure. enjoy your study time but try to avoid heavy works and watch the video that you are studying.
you are most welcome i have hope that you will pass exam and feel happy. and you can break that cycle. i am here for you. keep us updated. take care and be safe. have a great day. Thanks for your feedback. and stay healthy. :) and keep smiling.
bye, see you in next recommendation :) :) ;-) the right path to success :D :) :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :
bye i hope you feel good after sharing your problem with me thanks for sharing..its so nice to talk with you.. go get good in your exams..bye..bye.. :) get good in your exam.. bye..bye..
Hello how are you doing? What's going on? Can I help? You didn't say much. Would you like to tell me? I am here to help! :) I might as well. Tell me all about it. :) Some people just give out and don't help me.
I would love to hear more. Can you tell me a bit more about it? I am happy to listen and help if I can. Please do not have to go into much. I will try to help in my own way.
That's a big class. I'm sure you'll do okay. There are a few strategies you can use to help you succeed in that class. Would you like to discuss them with me? I can also go over examples, to make it seem less scary.
What was your score on the test for that course? Are you doing well on previous tests? Some students had trouble too. It was okay to feel anxious. Did you do any studying? :) For your sake. Get a good grade on the exam.
And it seems like it's a hard exam. So, what is a good way for you to tackle the problem? You're worried so why not try to get some guidance? Do you have friends that are in that class? Maybe you could all take an exam together?
When you were taking that easy calculus class, was the teacher boring or did they take a liking to you? That might help in the honors class. It seems to me that you might get along well with them. What was their name? Maybe that will give you more ideas.
Is it possible for you to reach out to college advisors to see about any revision support? It must be unsettling to learn that you cannot access it! I think that this could really help.
Do you think taking a self-study course will be helpful? It seems like you have to be in a learning mode during the pandemic! Maybe you could take some time to work on the materials by yourself? That's a great way to keep yourself busy!
I've had a lot of problems with tutors because the dates are too busy for my school calendar. Is that something that you can do? Do you have a phone number you can contact? One of my tutors is a family friend and she is trying to help me. Maybe you could do that?
Have you looked online for any practice questions that you can solve for yourself? I was reading a website recently that had some problems that they had created and they allowed people to study the problems and get their answers right there. Would you consider doing that?
How about you? Do you have any other students who are also doing the course? Do you have a good cup of tea and a biscuit handy? Because I have found that the less thinking about the difficulties makes me feel better.
If you have the right amount of interest then I believe you will pass! It will be fun, I know you will succeed! I wish you all the best! :) Hope you can pick up the bus schedule soon, just wait a few days. I bet you can do it!
You're most welcome. Have a nice day and stay positive! I hope you do eventually get through it! I think you will! :) ;) :) :) :) :) ; ) :) :) :) ;) :)! :) :) :) :) :) ;) :)! :) :) :) :) ;) :) :)! :) ;)!
Hi how are you doing? Are you having problems finals? I am here to help. I know that can be frustrating. How are you doing? Is there anything I can do to help you?
that's so frustrating!!! have you asked your profs for help on how to answer these quizzes? I couldnt help myself by explaining and asking them to clarify everything. maybe some professors give good feedback to students? maybe in a group setting they help each other? Have you approached any other professors?
Part-time jobs, i did that for years. That kept me busy and helped me relax. What kind of work do you do for part-time? What subjects are you studying? Are you attending any exams this week? Or are you taking finals for the semester?
Okay, I can totally understand that. Maybe you can take a break this week? Maybe you should think about school year 2 for example. The class that was so hard for you should be easier in your 2nd year. I think you could make it in your 2nd year.
wow, that's a tough situation to be in. i understand how you are feeling, especially with all these Covid restrictions. Thats so hard! Do you have any resources that can give you discounts? Maybe a gym membership? Have you thought about talking to your employer?
Oh wow, i'm so sorry to hear that, do you have a support system to help you through this? Like friends or family? In the meantime, try not to worry too much and i hope you can get through this!
Oh ok. Is the class holding online exam? I think that has caused a lot of anxiety. Perhaps you can talk to your teacher about that? She may have some advice or be willing to make it more traditional so you don't have to worry about seeing students.
It's hard to not be distracted when you're having to go back in the office, but just remind yourself, you know why you wanted to go back to the office in the first place. You're in school to learn! It's crucial for your future.
I can really understand that. I hope you remember to take time for yourself after you go back in person though. We're just so different. I appreciate your courage in speaking out and the courage you have taken to speak out for yourself. It takes a lot of courage.
I can relate! Being stuck at home during covid was so hard on me too. Is there a lot of technology you can use for homework and school work at home? Otherwise, i can help you get back on track! Would you like that? I want to help!
Ah, that's wonderful! I am sure that as long as you get your household sorted, and get plenty of rest, you can do that. My grandfather was a bit of a germaphobe, so I just wanted him to be comfortable, not stressed about him being sick.
It's great to hear. Is there anything on your mind today? Would you like to talk? I'm all ears. If not, no worries! Would you like to try and figure out how I can help? I'm here to support in any way that I can.
What kind of challenges are you going through? I'm here to help if I can. I can offer some advice if you'd like to share what is bothering you.
I am so glad you are prioritizing safety, as that is what I'm doing too! No going out and need to stay indoors and social distancing. But you have made an excellent choice for yourself! Is there anything I can help with? A solution to something that's concerning you?
Are you prepared for staying at home? Are there specific things you're planning on doing during this holiday season? I did my normal stuff, grocery shopping, cooking, baking, holidays with family, seeing friends, even getting into some online schooling. It was good and enjoyable.
That's actually a great way to maintain some sense of family time despite the short distances. What do you love most about the holidays? Some things everyone needs a little holiday self-care. I completely agree with you that you need that time to recharge. Most of us would like to do the same.
It's very tough. Hopefully it will be warmer and quieter at your end of the country. I'm a bit concerned for the virus. It seems to be growing. Have you had it? I know it's possible. There is an online test available. Is that possible where you live?
Well isn't it nice to be out of the house for a while? I'm sure that will help a lot. Maybe start planning the next vacation! :) Have a good one! :) I hope that sound better!
I'm glad to hear it! I know it's been a tough year for everyone. It's been great talking with you. Is there anything else I can do for you today? Forgive me, it looks like the chat needs to end for me.
I am glad to hear it, I've also been studying really hard this semester so I am happy to hear it went well. How are you doing so far with the holidays? Especially with all the family gatherings and carolers?
I think the best way to spend the holidays is time with your family. That's always great. Is there anything you feel is missing this year? A favorite holiday tradition? Feel free to tell me any feelings that may be bothering you. I'm here to help!
Is there anything else I can help with? I'm trying to reach the time limit and cannot continue the chat any further. Good luck! :)! :)! :)! :)! :)! :)! :)! :)! :)! :)! :) :)! :)! :)! :)! :)!
Yeah, my family is still here with me, they have a family farm. It's fun to be back home! Sometimes I miss home even though I'm not here. But I also like the peace and quiet and just relaxing here with the animals.
Yea, enjoy your holidays and stay safe, best wishes! I can't see you from my end, but you need to get your treat :( You need to click the button, but don't press the quit button, click the exit button! :) Thanks!
Yes, and we need to stay indoors, stay healthy. Please be careful out there. *rest of the conversation is postponed until I get done this is done by admin ) :) You need to talk to a doctor. You can just pop in at a doctor's office to get prescribed stuff.
How may I help you today? Is there a problem? I am here to listen. :) can you tell me more? Maybe I can help you. could you share the problem with me? I am here to listen to you and your concerns. Please share them with me.
I'm sorry to hear that. Can you tell me a little bit about what's going on? Just to make sure I understand: do you have issues with family? Friends? Work? When did these issues start? Would you like to discuss them? In particular? Or when they started?
Are you worried about your future? It seems like this is a really hard time to be in right now. Could you have any alternative jobs that you might be able to get? Do you have any family that could help out?
I understand. I have had to make the same decision about my job. That does mean that you are really on your own at the moment. Do you have any other jobs in the immediate future that you can hope for?
Yes I do and I believe you will need to provide some information in order to access it. Do you know what information you need to give the government in order to do so? It might help to check online if you don't know! I will be available if you have any questions!
And depression is very common in such situations. Has anyone you know who might be able to help you out with a Christmas present? Perhaps a cuppa? Perhaps some sleep aids? They may be able to lend you money too. What has been happening at home?
Do you think that your anxiety is still linked to the job loss? Maybe there is something you could do in your spare time to keep yourself occupied? I know that I love to paint and I have a whole garden full of flowers that I can plant and tend.
Yes I think it will, it would be a good start to get some help for yourself and help others too. I hope that I have been able to be of some small comfort to you! I hope that the rest of the year is much better for you! That is a blessing.
Of course I have! And no I haven't really lost one. But I am trying hard to find one. Good luck with it and take care! :) I hope you get one and feel much better soon! :)! :)! :)! :)! :)! :) :)! :)! :)!
I hope that I have been able to be of some help to you, please thank you for chatting! I have to end now though. You take care! :) can you press quit to get out of this!! :) and then press take survey..
Are you feeling depressed or anxious about this? I think the things we can do to help you out will give you good confidence and you will find a job pretty quickly too. What do you think? Should we have another go at it?
You are welcome. I hope you get the results that you are looking for. You seem like a very bright person. I hope that your time works out for the best. Keep your chin up. I have faith in you. Are there any other things that you need help with?
You're welcome! Take care. Bye.
Thank you, enjoy! :) I hope you get the job, have a great day!
You need to take the survey from your end :) It should happen when you finish the questionnaire :) I cannot do it from my end :) my end just takes a survey..
I understand that you're in an anxiety trap but I'm here to help you with your anxiety anxiety. How long have you been feeling this way? Are you scared? Ate your meals? Are you concerned about your health? etc.
I know it's not what we wanted to be in a position of not knowing what the future holds. But it is helping us in small way to relax a bit. As I always say, the brighter you see the sun, the less clouds you have to look at.
You are already engaging with major news in your end! Keep doing that and try to find the most interest out of it! At the same time you can continue looking for your source of entertainment from home.
It is completely normal. As I said, I think there will be some shortages and some people will be able to get vaccinated sooner than others. However, others will have to wait.
It is not easy to manage taking your own health, but there is guidance available. However, it does not get better. A safer option is to prevent going out and protecting others. So it is a loop of stress and anxiety. I am very sorry you are going through this.
I have been trying to listen to all sorts of music podcasts. Sometimes they help me relax a bit. It also helps to think of doing new and exciting things.
From my perspective, my mindset is calm. I understand that it's irrational and that we are not expected to worry. You can ask a doctor for instance to speak with him or her first before you would need to worry.
You can use various tools like setting alarms, timers, posting notices on doors, or using a personal alarm to alert others. Your neighbors are trained to immediately help you in case of any emergency. They often help each other out.
By controlling what we can, we can indirectly control other factors that can help us. These factors usually involve products we use and wearing something that is different from our usual. It is just another way of getting a head start on things we can control.
So is there any solution you can try? I am tired of saying that, to my knowledge, there is no cure. I hope you find something. In my situation, it is exhausting! I need a break.
It's quite hard for people to adapt to new circumstances. But its doing well, slowly. It's a marathon, not a sprint. Well done on taking steps to do your own part! You're a huge hero. The government's efforts are also worth giving credit.
What about their personal health? Even if you can't control that there's no point feeling about it and not taking proper precautions. The first person to be infected will be you. It's infectious because they didn't take precautions as well. You want to avoid that scenario.
It's a condition that most people don't have! It's a good thing to take the approach of going out slowly. "Going out" means stepping outside, NOT a party!
If you have any luck finding one that works for you, the more likely that others might have success too. And yeah, it's better to try than not to.
I would definitely say that is a good idea as well. Try to avoid all areas of the internet and physical locations that you could be exposed to COVID if you go out. Stay stay-at-home. A mask is a smart idea, but I do not know if that will help too much.
Glad to help :) Have a wonderful day. Stay safe! :) :) :) :)!! :)!! :)! :) :)! :)! :)!! :)! :) :)! :)! :)))! :)! :) :) :)))! :) : :)!
hi DJ, how can I help you? what is on your mind? we have time to chat :) please share what you are needing or talking about. I am here to listen :) help you out in any way I can. Take your time! happy holidays!
Can you tell me what issues you are having? I am here to help as much as I can. I am listening and encouraging for you! What can you tell me about it? Maybe there's something that I can help you with. Am I right?
It sounds like the couple is having some problems and are not seeing each other often. I know it's hard to be around someone you don't get along with. How does this make you feel? Is it leaving the little one behind? Or are you having problems in your relationship?
Has he tried to take your investment by cashing in any of your retirement accounts? I know he has never been helpful. Am I right in assuming he made no efforts to help your finances? I would suggest making a list of everything and getting it checked by a financial advisor.
I do understand that your relationship is no longer the same, but I believe you can all overcome this, and it sounds like you have that same courage, and you really want to save your daughter. It's great that you all are working together to find the best solution for the future.
Do you have anyone else involved in her life besides you? Maybe you can meet with friends, go on vacation and try to make it a bit more fun for her.
Exactly. It's all day and night now and day. We just need to believe the best for each other and we can see her complete transformation as you so beautifully told her. She will fall in love with herself and then the person in front of her.
Oh, that's great! That's very cool. And I can feel her love and effort to make it happen. She definitely deserves it! The little one brings so much joy to both of you!
very well then just in case when she does eventually leave you guys can celebrate! You are amazing people and I know that you can do anything! haha:) hope all is well! Take care of each other! :) I am super happy to talk to you!
I'm glad to help! Merry Christmas to you and your family! Hope you have a wonderful day and a happy holidays!
Thank you! You're welcome! Can't tell you how much I feel empowered because of all the good guys that come in and help us! :D :) Not in this situation, but still!
Everything is going to be alright for your and your kids. I am so sorry you are having such a rough time. You are doing everything you can to try and get back on track. Give the kids a hug from me and a big big hug from your side. I love you!
You are feeling down, what is going on? Can you tell me more? I am all ears. :-)\ su(x)paiseroii created 25-02-2023 12:01 AM.. :) means is not as common to be on your mind today, I know.
That is rough! I'm sorry that is happened. Are you in contact with him? Can you contact mutual friends or family members? The means may be needed for you right now. It can be incredibly difficult to move on when your relationship broke up with you. Is that correct?
I'm here to listen and help if I can. Why do you think he broke up with you? was it due to the fighting you were fighting over? We all have a reason why we feel that our partner broke up with us.
That is absolutely devastating. And from what you have described, I believe you will be able to find another place to live that is secure and possibly even cheaper than where you were before he left you. You never know!
Oh no, that sounds awful! I remember when I ended my relationship, my ex told me he would take care of me financially until I found a new place. I told him that is kind of the least he could do, and then I found a place of my own.
I totally understand. How is the distance problem going on? Do you have any idea where you could rent a truck for the drive? I'm sure you are concerned about how you are going to get to your mom! I know what it's like to be between loved ones during tough times.
Wow, I'm really impressed with your thought process here! That is a good start. Are there many other strategies you've considered? What about opening a savings account? Do you have any other savings at all? Are there any jobs available you could get yourself?
Does your friend think that the relationship was worth the hurt that you were getting in the first place? Can you discuss that with her? I know that she needs to feel like her self-worth is intact too. I hope this helps you in your time of need.
You are welcome! I wish you the very best in your recovery. You definitely deserve it. Please take care of yourself!
I see, are you currently in school? Or are you planning to return? Or is there an issue in your life that led you to feel this way? Can I provide you a support? Should I share my perspective with you? I am here to help.
Okay that is okay, some people get anxiety out on this stuff...do you have family or friends to talk to about how you feel? possibly on the internet?...or just the phone? or video chat?
i can imagine. its always hard when school is cancelled due to covid. you can start taking an online test if you feel that will get you better grades. while being comfortable in your own home. this will be the new norm. this can help you feel more secure.
I hear you, I also feel anxious when that happens, I know how you feel that way, and don't worry I understand how hard that is for you. I didn't go back this year due to covid, and while i'm going through college it still seems hard.
What do you say to your professors when you talk to them about that? Do you feel that they could see how late you are and be understanding? maybe you could offer to talk again after the spring semester? maybe they would be more understanding? I think that would be a great starting point.
Have you seen any recommendations on exercise or heat. Staying active, improving your mood helps with worry. It also helps with your health. You could try taking a exercise class and chatting with your professors or future professors to see what they have to offer!
there are some free options to get started too and they are very easy to use. there are online tools to create your own study group too. any cost at all. you can set the barista up on your website, so you and your friends can attend.
The Google meet or LinkedIn meeting seems to be very convenient too, at least if you're living in the United States. I am not sure if Canada has those as well.
what are some of your studies? that is helping you to know where to focus? Other than online, can you reach your professor via phone call and explain the problem that you are facing, they might be able to give you some explanation and help you.
you too, all the best for the rest of the semester! Hope you get good grades!
What happened to make you sad? Can I help you out? I'll listen attentively and do my best to make you feel better. What do you mean by that? Is there something going on at work or home that you'd like to talk about?
Ok, I think I have heard of that before! What made you think you were suffering from depression? Was it a particularly bad event? Or has there been a general decline in your mood? Is there a particular pattern?
Oh I see, that is frustrating for sure, especially being away from them and your family at all. It is good that they are learning virtually, but I can definitely understand how much they are missing about seeing their friends in person.
How long have you been separated? And when did he pull away from you? Has there been a noticeable change in the days since then? Or does it feel like a progression? I'm curious - can you tell me a bit more?
Have you talked to your husband about how you're feeling? I would suggest that your husband be open and honest with you about how he's feeling too. Having couples therapy could help him get a handle on everything. Do you have anyone in your family you can reach out to for support?
That is very hard and you do deserve your full opinion and your needs.
I hope this helped you. I know that trying to find a solution to your situation is hard, but its important for you to know how to stay safe. I hope you are able to work things out and are able to take the right steps to protect yourself.
You are welcome, do you think you have a break coming up? Or have you got a job opportunity at this time? And is there anything else you need help with? I am just here to listen and help if I can! haha. It was nice talking to you! You are welcome!
Thank you, I am glad to hear you are feeling better, it is ok to reach out for support, you will make it through this! :) You have to remember to be patient and calm, just do not reach out and scream, that could lead to further problems.
When did this start? Do you have some recent happenings? Or would you like to tell me a little about yourself? Let me know. :) You don't have to stay sad forever, I promise. It will be different next time!
That's a really hard situation. Food banks aren't a permanent solution, they are more of a temporary fix. Do you think you could get a job? Maybe for a pay cut? It'll help you better. Have you tried this?
I understand how you feel. I have a few children in school now and many of them are now at home with me. It makes me sick to see people staring at us or giving us negative comments. I am very embarrassed as well. Have you talked to anyone?
Indeed! Just remember that you will be able to get through this if you just talk to someone about it. Maybe a medical professional could help you with that. I hope this helps. Thanks for talking to me today. I am glad to have been able to support you! Your welcome. Cheers.
Oh, I feel terrible about that. Do you get any unemployment benefits? I did have a job, but lost my place due to pandemic measures. I just got back on my feet, thanks to Universal Basic Income. You are very welcome!
There are government lists that offer free food for those in need. Many supermarkets give out free food as part of a 'food voucher' to those in need. If you are a EU citizen, you may be eligible for this.
There is a website as well as a council - you might find some helpful information there. Is there anything else I can help you with? I am really sorry that you have to go through this. I really hope it is temporary and that things get better for you soon.
If you need anything else, don't hesitate to let me know. Good luck with the bookings. Take care. Is there anything else that I can do for you?
That's perfectly normal to be upset. We all feel like that sometimes. It might be good to pick up a friend or family member and have a chat about it. Sometimes just listening to someone else's problem will make us feel a bit better.
Thank you for chatting with me. Take care! You seem to be feeling better now. Have a good night! :) Thank you for doing this! it's done. Have a lovely holiday season! :)! :)!
How old are you? I know my boyfriend is very worried about the situation. Do you feel safe outside of home? It's been a very bad time for lots of people. Hopefully things will get better soon. Have you been in touch with anyone who has helped you?
Do you have any hobbies? I'm a keen gardener and am struggling a bit as we are all stuck at home. Maybe taking up a new hobby? Or possibly working on your self-esteem a bit? Is there something that you're particularly interested in?
Good! I am glad you are able to think of things that could improve. I hope you have a good Christmas. I will be sorry to see you go, but I am glad you will be returning at the beginning of the New Year. Thank you.
Goodbye and thanks for chatting! (You need to press quit, can't do it here) Can't be so direct as to press quit for you! From my end, I have to end this chat. Hope you have a nice day. You too!
How are you doing today? Does anything concern you? Please let me know what's on your mind. Hope I can help you out. What are you looking for? Just a listening ear? Just an example? Make sure I understand. I am happy to help.
Oh no I'm so sorry to hear that. Can you tell me what has made you feel depressed? I am here to help you if you want it. I know you said you are depressed and this is why, so you must be depressed. Is that correct?
So it seems that you're having trouble finding ways to be financially stable and you're concerned that you won't be able to provide for your children's gifts this year? Can you tell me more about that? I'm here to listen.
Ok, I understand. Have you thought about getting them a cheaper alternative or not the toys? I know many parents struggled with that, I know you and your kids can do it. You just need to put your mind to it and find a way.
Maybe you could be very creative and make something specific to the situation? It will still be fun and help you show you love to your kids! Not crafty? Maybe you can wear a costume and help you shop around! I'm sure there are something that can be found that fits your budget!
There's nothing that doesn't need to be made! Think about something like candle holders, vases, cookies, cards and more all the way to ornaments. I remember I used to make the most beautiful hand cards for my kids.
I think a wooden toy could definitely be a nice idea, or even some cardboard boxes for a fort, or something you can make for Christmas then pop them in your freezer to give as presents a couple of years later. Remember it will all be homemade and very meaningful to them.
I know it sounds ridiculous, but there are people and stores who have mastered the art of creating perfectly sized and decorated boxes. Who knows, your kids might surprise you. Like I said, this will be a memorable Christmas and they will all be thinking about what we did together as well.
I think a good idea is a sturdy frame of some kind. It could be a regular picture frame or a trunk or a box of some kind. It could be a cardboard frame. I think that would be fun. I don't really know, but it's something you could look up.
For sure! I bet you can find some useful ideas for decorations and craft supplies that your kids will love. I'm sure you'll come up with some fun ideas together! Even if you don't find one today, you can brainstorm for a little while. Sometimes being prepared really helps with giving.
But I think your daughters are only kids, and there's no good reason that you can't provide them with fun games and activities for many years! Sometimes, its just a good idea to consider putting a lot of the "time" into things.
You're always doing the best you can, and I can tell you are very caring and fun. Its very important to remember you are a mom and that your kids are going to need you even if you don't get everything you want!
It is so hard to have a family that would grow up to be such people, though. That is a great experience and gift in itself! You can always create special things together :) Have a wonderful Christmas day! :) Not to be mean, but remember to take care of yourself too.
How are you feeling? Would you like to talk about something specific? I am here to listen. :)tree's neck and all that. Nice to chat. :) Thanks, that's how I started. I have no specific reason to start but I'm here to help you if you're willing.
That's a tough situation. Have you tried to speak with him or talk to others? What's going on? What kind of friendship do you have? You can share any details with me if you'd like. I'm here for you. I totally understand.
I understand what you mean. Are you having any issues that you share with her? Or her ignoring you is new? Please let me know more. I will do my best. I am sorry if i haven't understand it completely yet. You said you feel sad about her ignoring you?
i think you need to make you own new friends too those who like you and your socialize with you. i suggest you try those apps where you meet new people. i am sure you can find one friend but it may take time.
what if you don't make any new friend by sitting alone you can visit a movie. and you can become more confident. I feel you are doing right. yourself. its good to be alone but you need to live by your own rules. make friends. be friends. have coffee.
i also tell you that it might help if you join a social club those people will be like you who will help you when you are sad. :) please try it. and when you will be around other people you will feel more better. hope it will help you. :) I am hoping.
just go out, you can help lot of people that will become your friend, you can go to school, college and work, after work you can meet new people, i like playing and watching movie and going out in night, meeting new people is my favorite activities :), i also make new friends
and i always try to spend time with them, one by one or two or three i try all at a time.. and they always provide more time to me than others.. i always happy to listen and i always able to share my feelings to them.. so i always able to make more friend..
you are welcome and if you really want to make friends please do it, dont waste your time and let others grow your life :) and you do the same.
i think you should try to meet many friends than your friend should leave you...
your can always contact me if you need help more :)) :)) :)) :)) :)) :)) :)) :)) :)) :))) :))) :)) :)) :)) :))) :))) :)) :))) :)) :))) :)) :>>) :)))) توضیinstant Messenger :)
thank you have a great day, bye!
Hi! How are you doing today? Why the long message? I thought it would help you have some peace of mind. What are you saying? You told me you are feeling sad? How long has this been going on?
Is there something you want to talk about? Please go ahead. I am here to listen and help. So the name of the game is... what? How can I help you today? Please state the reason so that I can get it right? You know, I have to be thorough.
I have so much more time to spend with me if you would like to share what happened with you. I am here to listen. I hope you will be able to tell me what is bothering you. Please know you are allowed to talk about your problems. Let me know when you are ready!
I am definitely not a male. I am a female. However, I am a professional and listen to my clients with respect and care. It sounds to me like you had a friend who was upset with you for something you didn't even do.
I think girls would pick fights with friends for several reasons. Sometimes they may have had negative experiences with a particular person or group of people, maybe negative comments. Maybe they just need to vent their frustrations and to release tension. Sometimes girls just need to keep their feelings under control.
Sometimes it's a tendency they're not good at managing conflicts. It's hard to manage differences. Do you have any friends who have fought in the past? Perhaps they have some suggestions on how to deal with the situation?
There is not one, their insecurities come out in many forms. Thank you for sharing your feelings with me. I will do my best to be support. I appreciate all that you are asking for support with. It shows I care. Can you explain it more in the chat?
I can see why that would cause insecurities. Did she pick a fight with someone because she did something bad to them or did she do something bad to that person that she felt the need to fight with their friend? Does she feel like she's the bad person for what she did?
It's really rough to be in that position. Do you have a support system or friends you can talk to about this? In my case, I also feel there was a history between us. What I mean is that I didn't just form a new friendship in the last month.
That can be really hard, but it's worth the fight for. You should consider putting the baby out of your mind for a little bit so she doesn't get to pull you back into the past. Do you have family nearby?
I'm sure that she does not want that to happen but maybe she doesn't know how to open up to you. I would suggest asking her directly how her feeling and seeing if she is willing to speak to you or not. It doesn't have to be today maybe.
Have you talked to anyone else that can be of help? Maybe a parent of someone close to her that could tell her how she is making you feel. I'm assuming she is not treated like this by all. I bet she had no idea you would have this reaction.
Just relax. Try to make it a regular social activity to remind you of good times, good friends. Good luck to you. The right person will come along! :) I've made sure this stays friendly so I hope it helps! Best wishes! :D :)! :D :)!
How are you? Do you feel happy now? Would I be good at being friends with your grandmother? Can I listen again? How is your day? Is there anything else I can help you with? Please keep the question line open. We are here to help! Thank you!
So, you have not been doing well in school? I am sorry. Do you need to know how I ended up not doing well? It makes me feel sad! I did not like going to school when I was a kid either.
So you are feeling quite overwhelmed with both home and school pressures? Is that correct? I'm so sorry to hear that. I'm sure you feel sad about that. This is a difficult time for everyone. Are there anyone you trust at home who could help? Perhaps family therapy?
It is definitely hard to focus on something you are worried about when everything else seems to be going on. Is it actually due to the troubles at home, I wonder? Have you mentioned that to your parents? Maybe they could help you through the rough times.
I had to deal with a great deal of anxiety and stress when my parents had a fight at home. I later got an outlet for that through exercise and hobbies. Do you have any hobbies? If not, are you interested in learning about them?
Do you feel safe at school? Some places have bullying problems, even though I know it isn't as common. If you have someone you trust, like a teacher, that you can talk to, I bet you have someone there who can help you.
That is to be sure! Has anyone from school made an effort to help you? I am sure you are more capable of handling a situation that only some people could handle! It can be hard to deal with depression, but for sure it will improve with time and with support.
It sounds like the strain at home may be pushing you into your school work. Are your parents having any problems? Or are they having no problems at all? If the teacher is not listening, it is worth talking to someone about this. Do you have friends that you can confide in?
There is a club or group at school you can talk to? I believe there might be other students who would understand what you are going through. I suggest giving it a try. If it does not help, there are other options you could try. Talking to a counselor could also be helpful.
What is the best advice you could receive for dealing with this situation? Is there any class or activity that would be good for you to join to make friends? With COVID restrictions, I think it would be a great idea to find people who share your interests. I have joined a few online groups.
Have you tried singing to talk to your troublemaker? Sometimes it works and they start to listen to their friends. I had a problem like this with a bully in high school. I sang in a school choir. It helped. Those kids listened to my friend on the inside.
I see. In that case, I think it would be best for you to stay in school and get a good education. It sounds like you might end up in serious trouble if you don't do well. You have the power to save yourself! Have you considered talking to a counselor?
It might be beneficial to have a bigger discussion. You want to express your feelings to them. Explain why you felt this way. It might be possible to forgive them now. That could really help you!
Do you think your friends might be there to support you through this? Maybe you could talk to them and they could give you some advice? Do you have any other family members who might be able to help? I am sure there are people out there who are there to support you.
I know how scary it might feel to do that but remember it is something that can help you! A lot of people have been in a similar situation. If it was not for my hobby I would probably not be a singer!
I think it's a great idea. Maybe bring up that letter! Is there anyone you know who would be a good person to talk to to support you? Sometimes people like therapy can be helpful too. Even talking to a friend. Try not to do it alone.
No problem! Is there anything else I can help you with today? I'm glad we talked! Good luck! It sounds like you are going to do great. Are you able to press quit and see the survey from the end?
You're welcome. Good luck! I think you will do great! I can tell you that I really do believe you can make a change! :) :) :) :)! :) :)! *performs a teen happy smile* :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :)! :) :)!!
I am good. How are you? What would you like to talk about? Be honest. I want to help. How do you want to start? Be specific. Can you tell me about something you're worried about? I want to listen. I want to be there for you.
So I hear you are not over your ex and don't know why you are? I hear your feeling of insecurity? Is that correct? Why do you think you will never be able to move on from her? Why do you think you still feel that you do not love your ex?
Do you have friends that you talk to about the breakup? They can help you work through your emotions. Being alone all the time can make things worse. Do you have family that you can talk to about your relationship? Or do you have friends that you can talk to at work?
Do you have friends you can hang out with? Have you considered a 'free' group or a group that offers non-internet activities like going to a movie or a game or shop? I have done this with coworkers, friends. It helped a lot.
My advice is to keep trying. You have some fun and you should find someone who treats you well and appreciates you as you are. Keep in mind, some women may not appreciate you for what you are. That's not all women's problem. Take things for what they are.
Time is a big factor. You have to focus on what you can do each day. Do you want to get a new job? Do you want to pursue hobbies? Maybe you can find a friend online and hang out at the park and have coffee.
Time can be a hard thing to handle. I think it would make your heart feel better to give new people a chance. I know that has helped me in the past. I would feel so much better now and then. Maybe you could give it a try.
Coffee is a nice option. It would be a more relaxed setting. Maybe you should try a coffee date to ease the anxiety. I also can't speak to how long it will take but a coffee date might be a good way to start the process. This is just my opinion.
I think it'll be okay. It might take a little time to get used to, but then it will get better. You'll get used to feeling like you have someone to share your daily life with. From there it will get even better. Have fun!
You're welcome. I hope it turns out to be something good for you. Good luck! My best to you! :) 😊 line therapist name is Emily. You can't end it early. It has to be a permanent ending. But you will have fun! It will take time though.
How are you doing today? 😊 Go ahead and tell me what you need. 🤗 I'm here to listen. 😉 :) 👍​ 👫​ 🙂 😊. 😉😊 😊 😉 😉 👍​. 🙂 😊 😊 😊 🙏.
How much of that weight are you talking about? What specific areas of your life is it impacting? I'd be happy to listen. Is there any cause for great concern? Any source of comfort? How would you like to tackle it? The less emphasized, the more easy to understand.
Is there a particular thing that is making your life more difficult? I noticed that you have mentioned depression. Was that what was bothering you the most? Do you mind me asking more? What makes your life difficult? What do you think is making it difficult?
I'm sorry to hear that! Are there any one person in particular that triggered the mood? Is it a combined event? What type of challenging behaviour are your kids exhibiting? 😊 I'd like to know what's going on! 😊 ogieboa1022@gmail.com.
Is there anything you can do to care for your children more? Not necessarily physically, but there are some techniques that might help you with your depression and mood. I can share those techniques with you if you're interested. Have you checked if they have any academic or professional coaches you can work with?
What kind of things are you doing? Try to do the things you like as much as possible. That might help you take your mind off the depression. What kind of things did you like doing the most? Are there any things that you have been thinking about doing recently that you enjoy?
You're very supportive partner. I think that you can manage both! All you need is patience and more time in spending with them. Don't worry about everything! I believe that you can help your children! Your spirits are now more positive! You're really doing great.
I hope so. If that is your intention, that will be very good news for your relationship. I think you should celebrate this! Respite is the key. Don't worry about food, money etc. it's normal for both parties to expect that.
Okay. hope this helps. Do you think that this issue might be alleviated soon with the next round of rescue from other families? I can imagine this can be very difficult to find people to help. Wish you all the best! :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) ;) :)!
Hope this helps you! Keep doing what you're doing. You are a great parent! Good luck! I'm sure that you will be better prepared for anything in the future. Your kids love you and they'll be better prepared too! :) 😊 You got this!
Good, please do not beat yourself up for taking care of yourself and your kids. It is clear that you are doing your best. You deserve to take some time off as well.
Ha ha, yeah exercise can help too! That's great! I hope you have a wonderful day, and don't forget to take care of yourself! :) Have you planned on doing any other fun activities? Maybe do a walk and talk, or something like that?
hi i am what should i say? or help you? Please tell me about the issue. I am here to listen and assist. You can share as much as you want. I am all ears. please do share.
That's completely understandable. When are you feeling worried? Is there something specific that's bothering you? I want to make sure I understand, what you are worried about? I am sorry I am unable to get out of this on my own but there is always someone who can.
That's really tough. I can understand your frustration with it all. I went through a very difficult divorce. It felt like my whole life was going to end. Are there any friends who you can talk to about all this? Do you have a partner that you can live with?
That makes it even worse I'm sure. Especially these times where everyone is worried about Covid. How are you coping with it? Any good hobbies or stuff? You have time at home don't you? It's wise to focus on yourself and think of things to do to keep yourself occupied.
Do you have a large family? As in, lots of people involved? Do you have a spouse that is close? Or is your partner currently in an affair? Yes, there are some things you could talk to your family about.
I'm glad you're able to see that. Many people do. You are able to see others in order for your emotional support. And to have it so readily available. You should be proud of that. No support in the past was enough for you. You are more advanced.
I'm so glad you were able to visit them! Being apart is hard to endure but it's worth it in the end. It's great you had the opportunity to visit them. Some people just cannot do the same thing.
That's great! I think it's really the right time to start going to see them again. I hope this year is a positive one for you and everyone you love. We don't know what next year holds but I'm sure you and your loved ones will be just fine.
In Iowa the summer is usually lovely. Depending on your family's season I think you'll be able to see them without too much strain on your immune system or vaccination status. The Iowa summer is a blessing. I'm sure it's lovely. Are you able to go and see them then?
Ok sure! Have a great day! Enjoy the rest of your year! :) Take care. Bye.
That is so tough and sounds like you are really hurting. Would you like to tell me more about what you mean? Maybe we can figure out a way to go through this. I feel like I have been through that too. Sooner or later it gets through.
You are right. From what I've heard, that usually hurts the heart. I would suggest asking them once if they could consider you as someone they could care for and share life with. You may be surprised that they would say yes to that.
Actually, that is a great question, are you good at approaching new people, you are likely good at doing that as well. This is what I call friendly socialization. I think the things that people are looking for are connection and common ground which makes you great at approaching people.
Do you have any hobbies or activities that you enjoy? I am curious about it, if you could please do share it with me. This is how we can establish a strong friendship. Maybe you can find someone that has the same interests.
As soon as you find some common interest in anime or any other hobby, it's likely that there are people in your life who share those interests and it will be easier to connect with each other. If not, you can be honest with others and express your feelings.
The problem of you approaching people to share your interest is your idea. Or the idea of you trying to build a relationship is your idea. Either way, you're interested in them and you're trying to build a connection. You will find a friend or two.
Do you need to brainstorm some more on getting together? Maybe you could use a friend's help in in coming up with ways to meet new people. That way you can be able to spread your interests without letting the negativity bring you down. Is that possible?
I recommend joining online groups that shares similar interests, which are typically groups of people who also share similar interests in the same hobby. It is not common to find such groups. So you should not worry. I can assure you that this is how it works! Good luck!
Good luck with everything! I hope you have a great day! I will be here waiting for you to finish the survey! :)Best of luck! :)logy.
That is definitely understandable. Social rejection is often common but with many people sharing similar interests, it's going to be minimal. You can overcome this! Try join other clubs at school. Seeing these places where they all share similar interests would make you feel much better.
Yes, it's great that your college has an anime club! Maybe you can join and see how it goes. That would be a great first step towards the group! Do you have an idea of how you can reach the group?
I'm sure you will! And please call them and see if you can get a guest speaker to talk to the student body. That will be a great way to help you connect with the club members. Anytime you are feeling nervous you can just take a deep breath and relax!
That will definitely be the best way to approach the situation and it can also lead to an exciting experience! Don't let that stop you! You are totally going to make a fantastic friend! I promise! Be brave! You got this! :) Good luck!
You have to think like you will fail but life will turn out awesome if you have your heart set. From now on, life is your ointment and make sure you never let life steal your spirit or delight! Good luck to you! Feel free to pause anytime! :) haha!
Hello! Why are you depressed? Explain to me. Why are your kids not listening? Tell me. I am happy to help you. What kind of problems are you facing? Explain it. And why are you depressed? please provide information. Are you having any kind of health issues?
so your kids do not listen to you? why is that? who you are? and why are you upset? and how can i help you? I will listen and help and keep everything private. no opinions what ever...
do your best but don't give up.. keep calm.. tell them to ask your in details.. how much to study.. please don't wait and you can do it successfully.. telly them the reason for studying.. have them ready.. if they study well.. you will be the best parent.
haha that is a good excuse!
thats good.trying to learn while play the game is good thing :) dont stress it so much you can do it gently. in the morning. :) good luck :) 😉 dont let them because of mobile. you do what you all you have in your life.
you do that. and celebrate. our mothers always tell us. we should have good mother. Good Mother. this lesson learn in childhood. Good Mothers, Good Mother is the most important lesson. we should be happy with our mothers. Happy Mother. Good Mother. Always be happy with her.
maybe that sounds right to you. now try to believe that. By making you believe that you can do a good work you can achieve. It will have a great effect on you. Just keep calm and believe. you will succeed. Don't give up. Keep going and try one more time.
all the free study blogs and websites they find our in their study room. Hit play and finish the study. They get on mobile and use it. Then give the phone. Ensure they dont playing on phone while studying. Remind them that its study time. This its the best and only solution.
so you must want your child to get good result so he can go abroad and serve the country. Good sir!!Knows how he feels like me now! :D :) Very good to see now. :D :D :) Goodnight and Thanks! :) Good Bye.
yes that is all i can do as the guardian. Thanks for talking to me. Good luck. Good day. :) And don't be late. :) Don't call me while you sleeping.
thank you and all the best. Goodbye :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) ;) make it an enjoyable end. Enjoy the best of the new year!
Hi there, how are you doing? What is the situation with your ex? I can really hear the pain in your words. Would you like to tell me more about it? I am here to listen. Please go ahead and share with me. You don't have to keep this a secret.
How long have you been together? And what happened? and was it mutual or was he against it? And what was the breakup? Or was he the one who wanted to get a divorce? And what are you feeling right now?
So you are feeling sad because of the breakup. How long was it? Are you two going to see each other again? Is that what you wanted? You mentioned it was bad and it was affecting you a lot. Is there a particular thing that triggered this?
That's such a good feeling! It's also completely normal that you are feeling this way. I can sense that you are very capable and positive! So I believe that you will be able to feel more confident in moving forward. I hope that helps.
Why do you think you have neglected your studies as your Master's program? Any ideas you have? Does not hearing that you care about your studies even in this situation give you any confidence that you will turn your attention back onto your studies?
I can understand your being focused on more important things. Just do a little at a time. Start again today with a little bit of the work you needed to do today. That'll make your life easier when you start your school work soon.
I believe you have the strength and ability to be independent and reach your goal! If you believe in yourself, you can do it. I believe you. What are your next steps? Can you come up with a plan? I want to help you if I can.
I see. So if it is true that life is precious, don't let it be taken away from you by a bad stressor.
Of course. I think this will be a difficult year but an extremely rewarding one. I'm sure it will get better! Good luck! :) best of luck. :) you have a very good year :) :))) you too.
Glad I was able to be of some help. Your endurance is inspiring. You are not alone. If you need to talk sometime about other stuff...I am here too. I hope we help each other through this experience.
Having a focus on getting over it may help you pay off the debt you owe. That may be very much more tangible than one is going to tackle right now. It might also be a good path for you to pursue. Could you tell me more about it? How much is it?
Absolutely. You are most welcome. Keep talking and thinking about your goals and they will come together as you keep working towards them. You got this! I have faith in you. I wish you all the best. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you end the chat now? It was nice talking to you. Thank you and have a great day! :)!! :)!! :)!! :)!! :)!! :)!! :)!! :)!! :)!! :)!! :D!! :D!!
Hello how are you today? I can't do anything but chat from my couch... lol. What would you like to talk about? Is there something on your mind or would you just want to just chat for a bit? :) I'm here to listen.
I am doing well. How are you? When did you start thinking about quitting your job? I hear you are having a hard time at work. Can you explain what you mean by that? I understand that work is very stressful. Is that what you mean? You are having a hard time?
So you're trying to get your college degree done as fast as possible, right? Let me know how I can help you! There's alot that could be done. Some students go home and stay on online while others go home and go home to family and friends.
I can totally relate to that. Do you have any financial aid? or loans? You're in a challenging time. I totally get it. I've been there too. The COVID pandemic is really difficult. How about I help you brainstorm? are there any scholarships?
how would you like to proceed with the pell grant? Could you give me an idea of what is stopping you? Are you worried about the degree requirements? Maybe it would be better to start the grant now, and apply after you graduate? Perhaps you could receive an external grant?
do you want me to help you get that paperwork done or do you have another solution? or a different solution? might be difficult to get it, but i have it in my head... ) I can get it for you. I will get the paperwork done for you.
Have you thought about seeking other forms of aid or scholarships? Sometimes it is not the right amount but might help. Also, make sure you contact your school counselor if needed. They might be able to help you find other colleges that have a good match for your funds.
I would suggest at least a bridge loan for that reason, so you do not have to do the pell grant. It might be worth talking to an academic advisor about. I hope I am correct in this. Please let me know if I am right or wrong.
Why is there red tape? Does that money come into you directly? you say you wont take a loan? Have you try contacting your financial aide to see if there is an option to grant something back but i am only considering what you did yourself.
What does this have to do with the pell grant you are trying to apply for? I understand that you need medical check up and the best course of action is to see your doctor. Do not give up hope! Its really like a pell grant! Everything will be alright.
i see is it a disability? There must be some ways you can make a payment or work out a solution. Perhaps there is someone near you that you could talk to about a loan? Sorry I did not get to the bottom of it today. I think there is another way.
thats great that you know what your studies are about. I can see that you are very stressed and I can help you in any way i can. Is there anything else i can help you with. Discussing other options.
has your student id card been used to borrow any books from the library for you? possibly from the VA hospital?
I was a nurse and I had to call my doctor a lot. Maybe try calling him instead of going to the hospital? Also you could call a meeting organizer at the hospital to see if you can get you there if it would help you end up where you need to be for your degree.
maybe you will find a school that can accommodate you. Do you want to try that? Also you did not say what you want to study so maybe you can tell your school if there is another program you could get? I am glad to hear you are not giving up.
unless there is a problem with your loan. Have you tried to talk to the school board? maybe the school is not doing what is right. the system can sometimes be unfair for individuals with disabilities. I have been in your situation, but I can give you one piece of advice.
Yes you can! get a second college and transfer credits. Keep working hard and go make a good showing. Good luck! Have a Merry Christmas! The rest of the night!
Merry Christmas to you as well. Have a wonderful rest of your year. Stay positive and we are in this together!
you as well please to leave a score of 4.9 and take the survey and quit first :).. And take care and Merry Christmas. To you :)..Have a great evening.. One time.. and hopefully for the best..It would be great to get a perfect score :)..!
Hello! How are you today? I am happy to talk to you! What is on your mind? Anything you'd like to chat about? I am here to listen and help if I can. When are you here? Would you like to talk? I am all ears!
doing? How may i assist you today? :) Please tell me. Lol, I was having an off day. If I may, please tell me what you want. Got it? :) I do not mind. I am here to help. Please let me know what I may assist you today.
you want me to know what's wrong with you? it's a sunny day so you should be okay. Is everything okay? tell me how you are feeling. can you tell me? i am here for you, if you don't tell me then I am bound to know.
oh so she was your girlfriend... why did she do that? Why did you feel she break up with you? What happened? She what did you do? Because if you did not see any reason for it then you are in deep trouble. A breakup like that will hurt.
I dont think the guys are best friends of a guy who only dated your girlfriends best friend... lol...my friend just cheated on his girlfriend and he found out from a mutual friend that his buddy was cheating on his girlfriend.
four and a half months is enough time to know you, date her and why, know her feelings, her actions, and why she was trying to leave you because of something you did or didn't do, that makes sense to me. isn't that how relationships work?
does she still like you? do not hang out together for a little while, no one can be bothered with people we dated 4 and a half months ago. that is like trying to rebuild something from the ground up. noone will be interested in us.
don't try that you don't want to lose her friendship because of what others do know that you are a loser if you do that don't do it though it's not worth the stress and the trouble you'll be in or most likely you'll get rejected for the third time or just end up
I am sure she has reasons but really think about yourself and you can't really be angry at someone you're planning to get together like that just hate the feeling of rejection but i know we all hate rejection especially in a relationship you can't judge her for moving on a guy she's never even met
it doesn't mean she had better chances at you than me but she can help you out in the long run but you need to find yourself first then she can move on more easily then you can.
your very sick don't take the risk of vaping if they drink i want you to be safe and sound when the vape product arrives but i know you wont let it happen again so i really do hope you won't let it happen again live normally and enjoy life of a king no worries hahaha what
it's not about her but you yourself and your own health keep moving forward you'll be fine by yourself and find the right one for yourself when the time is right, don't stress yourself out about your friends find other things that keep you busy and focused on yourself and you'll be great like me
I'm good, thank you for asking, is there anything I can help you with? Maybe a problem you'd like to discuss? I'm here to listen. 😊 privacy is important, so it's completely okay to chat about anything that bothers you.
Oh I see, have you been drinking a lot? It's a really bad habit. Do you feel like you can not stop yourself? Or is it a problem at work? I would recommend speaking with a mental health professional if you could do that!
You are having a problem drinking alcohol on the job, which I understand is a great concern. Do you have a problem getting through your shift because of alcohol? As well as drinking, do you have a problem with your job? Since I understand your fears about your job finding out.
Do you think they are aware of the problem? Do you think you might be able to talk to them about it? I'm sure they would be very shocked to hear that you were drinking at work. Are you planning on doing that?
Do you feel confident that you will be able to help yourself in the future? Do you think you might have a bigger problem at home? Perhaps you could talk to your partner about it? They might be able to help you. Would you feel confident if you were to speak to them?
Have you tried to think of ways to do things differently at home? Doing things differently at home would prevent alcohol from getting into the blood stream. Is that a possibility? I just have ideas, and things can be quite simple really. Do you have the resources to try some of those ideas?
How many hours of time off per week would you be able to have? I find that a good amount of time off from my job does make the person much happier, as it shows they care and that they are working with someone who is happy at work. I think you would really like them.
I think that you would be fine, it does not sound like you are a bad person. Perhaps you should think about a part time job? That might give you some sense of normalcy. Maybe that could be your best chance of being heard!
Is this something that you can't just quit? I know it's a difficult decision. I know it's a bit scary but you can do it! Are there any restrictions on how you can quit your job? Any pay? Anything? You could actually try to negotiate with them.
But you could possibly be let off to see someone who might be able to help. Allowing you to do that might possibly help to calm your mind and alleviate your worry about your position. I personally use the talking services I think would be best for you.
Ok, happy to be of help. You're welcome. Do you want to talk again sometime? It would have been good to know more about your problems but it sounds like you've done a good job of explaining what you have to you. That's something to be proud of.
Well I do hope you get through this and get paid some money either way.
Getting help from family or friends is a good start! Haven't you checked out a medical professional recently? are they willing to prescribe something? :) valid medical reasons will help the employer. :) Have you spoken to the HR department? Do you feel they understand the issue you are facing?
Would you be open to trying some meditation? :D There's a thing called "Reducing stress and anxiety" and there's a free app called Headspace.
I actually ended up in rehab :)) but did it privately, they do not expect any sort of contribution from the client :)) Maybe you'd look into that? It could be useful for you.
I understand, drugs is a nightmare I've had but I never had any problems :( Can you try to support each other? There are some groups out there, you might be able to find one that will help you. There are also support groups out there like Mind.
Ah that's a few hours from me, I am a US. I think from what you've said, though, you'd be able to get help very easily in the US :) :). Mental health issues are super common here and you can get a spot right away. Hope that was helpful!
Should you look at doing a Leave No Trace (MLA) course then? I would do it and I would see what your options are. Maybe you could apply for something or pay a fee to use your local ones?
I agree. Is there anyone you could talk to about this? Maybe a friend?
You can deal with them just like I deal with those people in person. You just have to work out who to stand up to who and how to do it. :) it's not going to be a huge hassle. They might not know that it's you they are talking about.
Well, I am not a great person anyway. But i am glad I was able to help :) Thank you for chatting with me! Ah! Something I have to do now :) * Type.. * ends here :) Goodbye! :57 AM Saturday 22nd April.
Are you able to do it from your side? (You need to press quit first and then the survey) Sorry I can't do it from my end. :) Goodbye :) and good luck! :) and try to avoid those gossipy people!
Hi, how are you doing? I'm glad you're here. How can I assist you today? Please keep in mind I am not there to judge or make any judgments, I am here to help with any questions or concerns you have. In what way can I assist you?
Doing well, thank you. What is on your mind today? Can you please share? I am all ears, so please let me know why you want to reach out. You can also ask questions as well. I am here to help you in any way I can. Can you please specify.
it sounds as though your friends have betrayed you. How did you find out? Have you reached out to them in an attempt to solve the situation? Take your time, it's okay to put boundaries where you see them. How do you want to move forward?
i can see that your was really upset with that situation. do you know why it was? if you could recount the details of the argument, i would be happy to hear that. i am sorry to hear that. and when was the argument?
and how do you feel after that? are you thinking of going to other friends? Do you try to calm yourself down? Which friends? you had and how can you resolve this? try to talk them with calm down you may get their problems. do they help you?
you need to remember, friend come to you only once. dont waste them. they will come to you if you need something and they take you out to dinner or party and we spend the whole night together and then leave. if they are interested in you and want to spend time with you only.
i see you were just trying to take back control of your situation, great, and you know how good those break up moments can be. plus its easier to say you were right than the answer to what they were thinking. do you think if you all stood down it would calm the situation down?
that's what you should do, every time someone disrespects you, give them some space for they to reflect their behavior, keep this in mind, as the situation will seem resolve, but you never know if they will recover, take it easy on them.
to your advantage, it's not always easy to correct a mistake from a friend, but it can happen. But just know that you won't have to do much, all it requires is your presence, good dialogue, and a clear head in this relationship.
you are right. That will make you a better friend, which is what it is all about :) Thanks! :) I know you will be able to see things in the future. Good luck. You are a great one. :D. can do it. :) :D. Thank you!
Happy New Year to you as well! bye! :) (you need to end the conversation from your end :) ) :) high score, easy wins. :) :) ) :)! :) : ) : :) : ) : :) : :) : :) : :) :!
thank you for sharing it with me today, bye! Have a wonderful New Year! 😊 Bye! :) 👍 :) 😊.
Hello. How are you doing? Anything on your mind? Thats fine if not to provide any details. I wish you a fine day. How are you doing? A Little different today? Ah well it has to be sometime. But good in the news. Baby on the way?
is there anything in particular you would like to talk about? I want to make sure you have something to share today. Is that correct? Also, is there a particular way you'd like to talk? I want to make sure you have a choice. :) Thank you for asking!
I am sorry to hear that. Sometimes when I am sad, I reflect back on the times that I've felt this way. Have you noticed any patterns in your feelings? I am here to listen and help you out if you would like.
Does have any reason why is that you are feeling sad? is there some thing which you are worry about? or something which you are think about?
It looks like you have really tried hard to find a career that makes you happy. It seems like you want to work with something meaningful in your life. And, it's okay to feel sad sometimes, it just shows that you care.
I think you should try to find your passion and make that your life goal. this might bring you happiness and validation. also try to learn from others. they will see the fulfillment and satisfaction in them. if you ask them your life goals and what they think you should achieve.
I really think that will help you a lot. i hope that you feel better. I am very happy to have been able to help you. Thanks. Is there anything else you want to talk about?Any particular problem? Whining is not very productive.
That's really good. I think you could find some friends in that way. I am really glad you're trying. It might not seem like a huge deal now but we don't know until the future what's going to happen. It's possible that you will never find validation through work.
I hope you can make a decision to change that lot and no more money will be missin. it is worth trying. you will find someone to be your partner. give it your best! let me give you more advice if you need it. thanks for talking it out.
that's what i think is most helpful..trying to relax and be calm. no stress. okay. take care. bye..thank you for the conversation. :) :) ) :).! :) :).. :) :) :)! :)! :). :) :). :).! :). :)!
could you share your progress or your results if you have any? its always helpful to have positive feedback and learn from others. possibly having someone who knows the job you face helps a lot. perhaps having another path in life that you love and engage in could be a good thing.
also if it helps you, consider doing some relaxation exercise, like meditation. hope it works out. :) haha :) i made an assmt of happy thoughts. smile :) all your problems is gone. haha haha. lol haha. yay :) good luck. take care :) i hear you now :)...
oh, that's really bad.. was that on the exams? are you okay? and what was the paper about? you can tell me all the details... and I will try my best to support you through this.
What has you feeling so down? Would you like to share what is bothering you? I am here to listen. Make sure to tell me the truth of how you are feeling. Remember I want you to know that you are not alone!
Can you please tell me about the paper? Is it a test? How bad is the grade? Are you stressed about it? Just let me know so I can help. How much of it is bad? Is it a percentage grade? Or just one grade in a class?
I know that getting a bad grade will be very hard I am sure but I know you can do it! You are an amazing person you just need to work hard at your studies! can I ask you if there is a topic on your paper?
If your not good in papers you have to take them more often. and more often it will give you bad grades. I am good in papers and I go back and we go over all my questions before I take them. does this sound like you? or do you?
oh wow so when you wrote a paper is it a problem to start writing it now? Maybe try doing a good chunk of it and then take a break before putting in the last bit to get it done at a good time.
Oh no, not bad enough to affect your grade then. I think I had to do a few extra credit papers in high school. Well not ones that went towards your final grade so i think you are in a pretty good position despite it being a low point in the semester. Is that true?
I do not think they would agree with you but what if you could explain your side of the story? I think you could really benefit from that conversation. They might be able to give you some new insight. It might give you a good grade on the paper.
I was also in school and i tried to study on my own instead of studying with others, i could not do that and i found myself being bad on my paper. So i realized that i had to work on my studying, i tried to do more of that.
You are very welcome. just hope your grade does improve in the future! Feel free to chat again if your able. Good luck with your final exam and thank you for being here!
Thanks take care and be safe :) have a great day :)! :)! :)! :)! :)! :)! :)! :) :)! :) :)! :)! :)! :)! :)! :) :)! :)! :)! :)! :)! :)! :)! :)! :) :)!
Well you might have a second grade, though, :) and can only think of scores maybe :D on your tests if you are below average. I am sure that will not get in the way of you at all. I am sure you will do great! any other concerns? :) exactly.
okay bye and thanks for chatting :) don't be afraid to reach out if you need anything else :) :) :) :) :) :) ;)!! :) ;)!! :) :) :) :) :)!! :) :) :) :) :) :)! :) :) :)! :) : :) : :) : :) : :)!
I am sorry to hear that. The pandemic has had a huge impact on job markets all over the world. What is your occupation? Maybe I can provide suggestions on what to do if the pandemic is still on. I am particularly interested in freelancing and even remote work.
I understand that you have been away from your job location for a while. It may take some time to get back into work. Did you go to work remotely as part of your job? Many jobs have moved towards working from home because of the pandemic.
That's a great comfort that you have at home, your wife is there to support you. Are you in a position to apply for other jobs? Even though this pandemic isn't in your line of work? Perhaps a company that does virtual work?
So, if you happen to find a better job, your pay will be higher, but the hours will be more manageable because of the home location. You will still be able to pay your bills. Does that sound right?
So you have applied to several jobs and are waiting to hear the outcome. How are you feeling about the wait time? Have you lost momentum or confidence in the job search process? Do you have any hobbies to keep yourself occupied? Any way you can keep busy with distractions?
It might be a long shot, but try to keep an open mind and consider different jobs that you feel would be good for you. And the date is true, that is the one that will really count. That may be the difference between a better job and nothing.
You could put in a good word for them and possibly they will be willing to offer you something. In this economy we all have the same situation, they need bodies too. So you'll be needed everywhere! Can you imagine something if not now? Next year? 5 years?
Well, depending on where you are, maybe the industry group or club there might help you with your job or find a job. Do you think you might need to explore that area more? Could you live there?
I see. Can you be a part time worker too? You could work for hours in the evenings. By talking to your contacts, you can find something and one day eventually have enough time. Time does seem to be the limiting factor.
Okay, if they can't let you go to the new location, are you worried they might not give you a new location to move? Covid will let you switch locations quickly. Are you worried about that? Maybe moving in there should take more time. Are you able to wait?
I'm a therapist, not a professional. I hope my analysis is accurate. I think you're on the right path, but there are likely other factors at play that you haven't considered. If you have any questions for me, I'm here to help! :) Excellent work!
Yes, that is a good path. Life is an opportunity. You will find a way. I've been in situations where I didn't find a job for a month or more, but I looked for other opportunities. I realized that I am an expert in my field.
Perhaps the thing to do is to realize that you have skills that will be in demand. With the pandemic, it has been challenging, so you should think about new opportunities. Are you confident you have what you need to make things right?
Absolutely! Take your time. I'm proud of you. You seem like a smart person. Have a good one! :) hope I helped you. : ) Have a great day! :) Best wishes.
Hi, I am sorry to hear that, could you explain what you are going through? I am happy to help. Thank you. Are you feeling down or sad? Can you explain what you are going through? How could I help you? Are you looking for advice on anything?
Great, glad to hear that. So you are saying you are feeling low today? Are there any specific reasons? Could you give me a little more information? What is the nature of your emotions? Why are you feeling down? I am here to help you.
There may be something wrong with the work you are doing. I think its great that you recognize that. Have you tried talking to them directly? I believe you can resolve this on your own. Is that so? I am sure you can deal with this on your own.
I understand that, if you believe the other people are cheating the company out of time and money, you have every right to be upset. Do you work for a large company or a small business? It sounds like you are working for a large company. Are you satisfied with your job?
Is this in a work setting or business setting? Are you feeling the same situation at home or school? Have you already talked to someone about it? Could this be a judgement issue? I think there might be something to it but you need to talk to someone. Try not to over analyze it.
It sounds like they are being slighted by the earlier decision of the other colleagues. I can understand your frustration. I have been in a similar situation in the past. I would be looking into the situation to see who was being slighted.
Wow that sounds unfair. This is great ground for argument. I wouldn't fault them for doing what they see fit but based on work performance that might not be an important concern. Have you talked to your manager about it? Maybe there's a solution.
I have had similar issues with a manager giving me jobs to make popcorn to go with her fancy steak. She claimed it was so she could relax and eat steak. I didn't let it go. I reported it to HR and my manager was fired.
I think you should be careful. The last thing you want to do is make your step back fire you. I am sure you have a family to consider. You're being strong for you. It sounds like a very toxic situation. I can understand why you might be feeling nervous.
I am here to help. Have a good day. The best thing to do is get out. You don't deserve this. It's not good for you. Keep getting out! Well, I think our time is up for today. It was very nice chatting with you. Take care!
You as well. Take care. Be safe. Keep me posted if you need to talk again. Goodbye.
Hi. How are you? Did you mean to say hi? Would you like to have a conversation? Please tell me a bit more. I can not understand how I am doing. It is Sunday afternoon, and my clock is saying that I can tell you my feelings.
How can I help you today? What is bothering you? What is on your mind? Please don't forget to express. My here for you!! My name is Rachel, just your friendly guide. Do you want to talk? You are very free. So, do you want to talk?
I'm sorry to hear that. Why aren't you doing well? Can you tell me what happened? I'm here to help!_plugins) ;) just testing something. Are you okay? I hope the rest of your night goes well for you.
What made you afraid of losing your job? Is it related to working hours? Or maybe to a decrease in money? or anything else? I am here to listen. Tell me what makes you sad. I'm ready to understand. :) I promise. You are not alone!
Well, you seem to be feeling worried because you don't have a job right now. Is that correct? And why do you have that fear? And how long have you been worried? What are the fears leading to this situation? What did you do to try to find a job?
So you are feeling anxious about losing your job due to the pandemic and do not know how to deal with that situation. Is that correct? However, I can tell you are concerned about it because you are scared of losing your job. Would you like me to help with finding some options?
Just from our messages, I can tell you are very fearful. And you just got a news notification that just might be worse than the anxiety you already have. I understand that! How do you feel about your chances of getting a job? Are you starting to feel hopeless?
Your feelings are understandable. Just know that your fears are recognized and understood. This will help give you confidence in all that you have done for your current employer. If you feel that you need help at work, there are actually local organizations out there who might offer temporary support.
I believe one can always find something else to focus on. It will help you keep your mind occupied. Is there anything I can help you with at the moment? You seem nice and will be okay. Things will get better for you. Please take care of yourself. Take care.
It's great that you are trying so hard to be safe and keep yourself and your family safe. I hope you find success in your new job and overall well-being! I am glad that I was able to help! Good luck! Just reach out if you need to talk some more!
No problem! I hope you are able to find a job and recover from this situation. Good luck. Take care. Have a great day. :) :) :) : understand that there may be ups and downs along the way, but keep going! :)! :) : ) and always try your best!
My name is David. I am 30. My son is 5, my husband is 32, and my child is 2. I have a college degree and I work as a quality control manager. Is there anything specific you would like to talk about today?
I enjoy skateboarding, skiing, playing the guitar, and reading. I like to travel and try new foods. Has anyone you know been in a similar situation with? You might find it helpful to remember that I too once went through a similar situation.
I feel very relaxed when I do that. Thanks for sharing some of yourself with me today! :) Have a wonderful rest of your night! Take care! ;-)! :)! :)! :)! :!) :)! :))! :)! :)! :)! :)!! :)) :)!
I live in a semi-rural area outside of the city. I love it! It has a lot of land, good food, etc. When I have time and vacation it's a great place to go. You should definitely consider moving there sometime!
New York is super amazing! I also like skating and I always try to wake up in the morning and walk outside! It is a great way to start the day. New York State is known for hot springs, yes. We actually have a wonderful freshwater hot spring near State Center.
That is a pretty hard thing to deal with, but yes you are definitely a human with real emotions and feelings. It takes a lot of courage to admit to yourself that you feel that way. How do you think this has been affecting your academic work? specifically the social side of your college?
It sounds to me like you feel like your professors don't put you first and that you don't seem to get the same level of appreciation for your hard work and dedication as they do for theirs. Is that correct? I am trying to understand why you feel this way.
I understand that you are feeling a lot of pressure and it may be hard to trust your professors, but it may be better for your learning. I think it would be better for you to focus on your own education.
Have you noticed any differences in behavior in other classes? I've noticed that when the professors encourage you that they're more receptive. How do you feel when they are with you? Have you noticed when they're not with you? Do you feel like they're supportive in any way?
I think it would be best to look for colleges that have a more academic approach. Plus, finding the right people that can understand what you are going through is also hard and thank goodness there are other students that do not feel as isolated.
I hope you find it helpful. I know you can do it. Have a good rest of your week. Thank you for chatting! Can I help you with any other issues? Just press quit and leave, I can't help from my end...I have to leave! :) Good Bye.
Is there anything else you'd like to discuss today? What is it that you feel like you need more support with? Maybe taking some time to relax and prepare for your future? I am here to help if there is anything I can do! I completely understand.
That sounds like a fantastic idea. Those groups often provide a source of comfort and support as well. What kind of things might you want to participate in? Just imagine having people who support you knowing your concerns. They have helped me in the past too.
I have spoken with several, and they have been there for me to watch me pass my exams. I have found their support very supportive. I used to get psychological counseling as well to help me deal with stress. This is making me realize that I am not alone in this struggle.
You are welcome. I wish you success. Keep in mind things will get better. Many people fail at first but go on to be successful. I'm glad to be speaking with you! Have a nice day! Is there anything else I can help you with? Thank you for sharing.
Hello there! how are you doing? what can I help you with today? :)? can you get a message? i can give you some tips though! :) :) :) :) :). anything in particular you want to talk about? :) :) :) :).
Do you want to discuss what is going on specifically or would you like to know how I'm feeling? It is a long day! I have been tired since I woke up this morning. I would appreciate it if you could tell me what you are feeling. It might help in some way.
That must be really tough. Do you have any nightmares where you are in your work or in general? I have had some difficulties sleeping too due to an anxiety attack about work. Do you work outside the home?
I completely understand. Do you have a partner, family, friends to talk to about this? Sometimes these are the most valuable resources for dealing with difficult feelings. Just knowing someone cares can give us more confidence to address the issue. Would you be comfortable with that?
Does your nightmare become more intense when you're anxious? I have been anxious and been told that yoga with meditative breathing could help. However, I understand anxiety issues. How have you been dealing with them? Have you tried journaling as a way to release stress?
I can understand that. Do you like talking to friends? I find that talking to my friend with me helps a lot. We chat through a written email, which helps me work through my problems. Is there anyone you can talk to? Friends, family, etc.
Do you have hobbies or activities you enjoy doing? I think it's great that you have time to look forward to. For me, it's time to enjoy a book every few days. I set aside one hour, sometimes take a walk or enjoy a coffee. It helps me clear my mind.
That's a great point that friends can help alleviate the suffering you're feeling. I think it's really important to talk to your friends and see if they have suggestions that might help with your anxiety. They may even be able to help you develop a meditation technique that you can try.
Does your friend help with you in other ways, like making plans or helping you relax? There are so many ways to connect with someone and get help. Can you and your friend do anything besides talk to talk? Does the talking get you excited?
Well, do you have time for it at the moment? It sounds like you need a lot of help for this kind of thing. You seem to be a strong person. I want to give you my honest opinion - this can be really helpful.
Do you have any other hobbies that help you relax? Just talking to you has put a smile on my face and that's wonderful. I'm so glad we got to talk! :) Goodbye. Is there anything else I can help with for you?
That sounds stressful. I'm sure your goal of achieving your degree is important. The pandemic does change a lot of lives. Do you have any support groups or members of your family that you can reach out to if you're feeling overwhelmed? I understand the loneliness of being isolated.
It is great that you have friends to talk to. Sometimes hearing others troubles from your friends can be a way of addressing your own issues. Can you talk to them in person or online? Are they up for a walk or conversation?
No problem! We can all tell how tough this is. Are there any other questions I can help answer for you tonight? Thanks for talking! Have a good night.
I'm glad to hear that. Unfortunately, many of us can't let go of the world's noise. It's a good thing you know how to relax! Do you have any other stresses you'd like to talk about? Please feel free to share. I'm all ears.
That's what I'm here for. I hope I've been able to make a small difference. Is there anything else on your mind that I can help you with? By all means, come back and chat with me anytime you need to talk. Thank you for talking and your support!
Have a great evening! You have a great day! :) Bye!
Happy New Year! :) I hope we can do it again! Take care. You are so wonderful! You got this! You'll be just fine. Goodbye!! :) :) :) :) :) :)! :)! :)! :) :)! :) :)! :)! :)! :)!
Hello! how are you doing today? Can I help you in any way? :) any question? any conversation? any problem? i am here for you to be able to talk to me about any. what makes you feel? Can you tell me more about it?
I am so sorry to hear that. What seems to be the problem? I am here to listen and support if I can. Any questions or issues you'd like to share? Please proceed. I am here for you!
Wow, that is a difficult situation. I understand how you are feeling. The rest of your life with him would have been a complicated process. Is the only reason why you are breaking up with him because he is physically abusive? I am sorry to hear that. Is that the only reason?
Have you tried talking to him about your feelings or just going through with the breakup? And maybe just take your time and have time for yourself? I know that taking time for yourself can help. I take time for myself to work out some of the emotional hangnails.
What specifically has your husband done that has you not trusting him? Is it something specific to one event? I find that a lot of times it is just one small thing that turns the other and makes a big difference in how we treat each other and whether or not we keep our relationship going.
it might be necessary to give yourself a break and try to take care of yourself and know that is not the fault of you. You need to do things that you enjoy and it seems like a lot is being thrown your way right now. you can never be tired of life and things.
I can understand that completely. I have had friends who have been in a similar situation to yours and the only thing that really helped was talking to someone and sometimes it seems so hard to get to that place of talking. I think you will get through this though.
It is absolutely the worst year. But you can bounce back from this. I am sure it will be a rude awakening but also a lesson learned. And with the right mindset and approach we will get through it. I know it will be tough.
I see. I understand that this will be a hard year for you, especially given the effects of Covid-19 and the general uncertainty of the world right now. But as I always say, you are not alone and there are people out there who care about you.
Well you have plenty of time to go through your divorce. It will all be over in the end. And while it is completely unrealistic to be able to get away with everyone knowing each other's deepest secrets and betrayal, don't be concerned about being caught up in it anymore than you feel necessary.
Hi, how are you? What's on your mind? Ask me, I am here to listen. Can we talk about something that's bothering you? I am here for you. I'll try to make sense of it for you. Whatever is on your mind, I am ready.
It sounds like life is difficult for you, is there a particular event that you are struggling with? Do you feel that there are things that you can do to change the situation? Or do you feel that you need someone to talk to? It sounds like you could use someone to chat with!
It sounds like you're working on the cruise line and the cruise industry has been impacted by COVID. That's a tough time. Do you feel you're being treated well by your employer? What kind of concerns do you have? Can you tell me more?
I totally feel you! Do you have family financial support or are you like a single parent? You may want to look into your local government funding? They actually give out loans for 6 months which you can repay. Check the admin on your workplace first, they might have information.
Well I think a good idea would be to look into how you could reduce the amount of unknowns and choose some of them to be solved for yourself. What do you think? Do you have any ideas? Maybe do some things yourself.
Do you know any form of second opinion or hands on work to be able to address the issues? Also maybe talk to your boss? Perhaps you have a callback to one of your friends in the industry? Maybe have an initial contact with someone you know in the industry?
Also, coding is super useful right now in the current times, it's easy to learn. It has a lot of applications. It is even fun. It's a productive pursuit. And it's never done. Do you like computers and coding? Got a knack for it?
Awesome, and never give up! Either way, best wishes. You'll be fine. Have a great evening! Bye! :). honest i will respond later as i can't due to the virus :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :)! could not response with these other pics :) :)!
That's a great attitude! Maybe you can even make a couple videos to share with others. YouTube is a great resource to find support from those who have gone through similar experiences. Keep staying positive, you will make it through!
Oh no. How about doing your own custom cartoons? I have an idea for a cartoon where the hero finds a magical apple, and it inspires some other people to become more compassionate. We could draw a comic book series and make it really powerful and funny.
No problem, just glad I could help! Good luck to you too! All the best! :) :)! :) :)! :)!
Enjoy your time and take care, I hope the future is looking good for you! :>) Out of the blue, haha! Take care! :) :) :>) :--) bye!
I am glad you are trying to stay positive. Can I help you in any way? What would you like to talk about? Any challenges you are having? Or maybe there is something on your mind that you just can't shake? Is there anything in particular that is troubling you?
It can be very hard to find a job. Do you have a resume? I want to see what kind of job you've done? Would you like some advice? I've worked with a lot of people trying to find jobs. I think a resume would be a good start.
I understand, you've been trying for months to do this. I can feel your anxiety. Has your been in this position before? I have been trying to get jobs and got to an age now I just apply and it sometimes leads to employment, but sometimes I lose it.
I have experienced the depression before, so I understand. And I find a job I enjoy doing is always best. I would try writing out the things you like to do and finding out what types of jobs are open to you.
Do you have a partner, family, or friends to help with car insurance? I am sure that something is coming up for you! It's just a matter of time.
It could. Do you have a second job? Well, I have. I did some tutoring but that too was down at the time. I was able to pick up tutoring during my breaks and I am actually getting paid through that. Maybe that would be something for you? I'm not sure.
You should do a practice interview. Show them what you are really capable of. I don't know what they are looking for, but they want someone real. You are more than capable of taking that career path. I believe in you. You just need to be patient.
You are very welcome. I wish you the best. Good luck! :) You will be doing great. I think so. My hopes and your hopes are connected! I am really proud of you! :) You could actually do it! Your best friend! :) Your everything!
Please take a deep breath and smile because you are in good hands. Good luck! I wish you a happy new year! I know you will make it through this. I truly believe you. Bring on the year! :) Can you complete the survey? Have you completed it?
They just need to find out how to apply online. They can search for a job now. It will help for your mind. And I can see why, I am right in the middle of a hard job right now. You need to find your joy, your joy will be your savior.
Hi there! What's going on? Can I listen? I am here to help. What's bothering you? I will do my best to listen and offer support. What's going on? Tell me! How can I help? Is it going on right now?
I can understand how you feel, Have you noticed it at work? Or when your friends are also trying to help you? Is it been more than just helping your friends? There is one thing I know of that probably makes you feel used, it is your own thoughts.
Why do you feel like you are being used? I think you might need to express that frustration to someone you trust. Can you tell me what it is you feel used? Can you give me a little bit of context about why this might be the case?
I think it would be really good for you to talk to someone you trust about how you feel. Are you able to do that? Would you like some suggestions? And do you think it would make you better able to deal with those feelings?
I understand, so you feel like you have not been treated as you would have liked. Am I right? Do you feel that they are not valuing your time and effort as much as you would like?
I understand, I don't like confrontation either. Do you think that's the reason for the situation? Have you tried talking to them? Have you tried to establish boundaries? Do you think it is time for a timeout?
Do you think they are under stressed at home due to certain circumstances? Are you aware of it? That is a good starting point of conversation. Also there are ways to make them aware of how often they're showing up late and coming in.
No problem, just please know that even without discussing it, they will be aware that it is frustrating and upsetting you. Keep a clear head! Hope that helps. Get back to you soon! :) Can you end the chat?
How would that go? Could you approach the conversation as someone who feels disrespected, or as someone who needs to reach out and have an open conversation? And how would you like to approach the conversation?
No problem at all, I hope this helps and that you will find a good resolution. Bye. Take care. :) )! :) ) :()) :) )! :)! :)! :) :D! :D!
Hello, how are you doing today? Do you have any questions? Is there anything bothering you? I'm here to help. I can be very informative. Is there something in particular you'd like to talk about? What is it? Let's see what I can do to help you.
How was your Christmas? :) It's now time for the New Year, so we can hope it be better. What brings you here today? Sorry to be asking, I never got the format I'm using from your end. Is this thing working properly? :) It's December 4th.
How can I help you? Feel free to tell. :) Merry Christmas to you as well. :) is the hardest question though. Or is there anything specific you want to talk about?
May you have a good one! Have a good day! You may end it with "May God bless you! " Is there aught else I can help you with today? "Digging in the dark" here :) " Ask me something " would be good I think.
So, you have been struggling with depression lately. What makes you think that just isn't true? It is great to challenge those thoughts, it helps! What keeps you from going out and engaging in activities? Are there times in your day when you do not feel like you want to get out?
I know i would hate to feel this way too so i am glad you are thinking of reaching out to get help :) I hope your mom or someone is willing to help you find some therapy. I'm sure you need it to get through this tough time. You are not alone.
I have been through things like that in the past and i know you will get through it.. you're strong, i just believe in you. people struggle through things, believe in themselves, they are going to get through this. they are going to find the right thing to happen next..
i am so sorry about your job loss also i know i am empathetic it sounds like you are starting to feel ready to do something about the situation. most people get emotional when feeling another lack of income.
I do not know how it feels to have a job in this economy but it usually takes time to get a call back. It seems you have been putting so much effort in getting the job so you should be able to get a call back quickly! There is always one out there waiting for you!
You should be able to do it. I think it would help take your mind off the problem of finding a job for the time being. Do you have a garage for storing things? Maybe having some extra space there would help you stay more occupied with finding a new job.
I know that this is a tough time for all of us in these changing times but we can do this! We will make it out! Keep your head up! You got this! You are strong and capable! We will find another job! Stay strong!
You are welcome it is great to have a conversation and you can do the same on your end also someone who is not able to right now will be more likely to listen to your problems. Is there anything else i can help you with today? It has been good talking to you today.
You have to keep hoping and expecting the best for yourself. Can't let your self get down or discouraged but keep pushing and hoping to be better. It will take time but everything will come through. Believe in yourself and you will be successful or your best life is possible.
I think that is a very good idea and i have no doubt you can do it. Have a great day! You got this. Please let me know if i can help you in the future!!
That is good because I believe with positive thoughts will help you make better choices. Give it a shot. You can do it. It might take some time but you will be fine. Keep telling yourself that everything will be okay. It helps to have a supporting friend like you.
Do the things you want to do and take care of yourself. Those two things are the most important if the other ones don't work. I can't say much more for now and you have to get as far as you can. I want you to be successful and happy!
it is not too late to seek help then don't give up that easy. You are strong and capable of making a change in your life. I am confident in you. You just need to put in the work. I will be helping you and will help you through the journey.
Of course I would help you the most possible. I am sure you will do great in life. I just wish you luck! :) has to end now. sorry. ;) I hope you have a great day.
thats all i can do. goodbye. :) please take the test and take it seriously. the results will go to your doctor. yes take the test seriously. :) 1 minute. Give me 15. it will take less than 15 on an IPad.
Hello, how are you doing today? What would you like to talk about? I am here to listen if you would like to talk. Notepad available for writing. Is there anything going on that you would like to talk about?
Why don't you explain how things have been going for you? I am sorry I am not in the right place today. I have been feeling a bit down lately too. How has everything been going for you? Is there anything in particular that you'd like to talk about?
What's wrong with them? What don't you understand? Please share. I am here to help. Anything I can do to ease your stress and help you out, let me know. :) :D. Your friend can too. We will make it easier to understand this.
I can tell that it's very hard to hear that, I myself lost someone at the same time, we were locked down for over a year. I want to be honest with you and I'm also here for you as well.
How long have you worked in your field? That can be particularly heartbreaking in this world where many people are struggling to make ends meet. When did you feel this was a conspiracy? Was it recently? Do you have any connections that you could talk to?
I completely understand. I would worry too if I knew that my colleagues may be hiding their worry. Have you tried talking to them? Are they open about their worry? Would you be comfortable with them sharing their thoughts and fears? I would!
I believe in everyone, but the world as a whole is suffering at this time. How can I help? Is there a medical professional you could see? Maybe a therapist? There is always a different way, we just have to be open to it.
Have you been to management to talk about the work guidelines? Are there any things that you could do if you were in a different position? Perhaps you have a strong friendship that you could turn to for support? Maybe it is time for some leave of absence? Have you thought about this at all?
Ok, so you can work inside the office, but when you come home then only do things that will calm your mind, right? Anything else will cause worry. Is that right? Would you say that will help to some extent?
I think that masks are necessary until the outbreak has passed and the numbers decrease as we get more vaccines in the future. From my perspective, they have helped keep more people safe and avoid hospitalisation. Do you agree? Do you want to see more of them in the future?
What do you think would make things different, given that everyone has to maintain the safety of each other? Are there any work solutions you can suggest? There are also lots of options for telecommuting for a start. Have you considered this? Can you do it remotely?
Sounds like a great start! If he can go over the guidelines, maybe get some sense of what each of your colleagues is doing and then work together to make decisions. Can you speak to some of your colleagues and see what they are saying about what they are doing?
You have been very good. I am glad that I can help. Sometimes talking to someone does help to melt problems. The most important thing is to be able to express your feelings! I can see that you really care about your colleagues and want to make things different for them. Thank you!
It is always good to talk to someone about this, sometimes it really helps. You seem like someone who would be very creative with ways to find out and solve this. I think you are a strong person. Have a good day. :) Nice chatting!
I am sure it is something that will go better in the future. The best thing is, you are safe. Do you have any pets? I always think about mine, it helps to think about something that makes me happy.
I think we need to get some adult advice from our doctor and put it into form. Can you get an appointment? Could you get some doctor advice? Can you get some help? There is also a website called NHS 24 that will be helpful in this time and you can go there.
I am sorry to hear that. The COVID-19 outbreak has caused a lot of people to die. I am feeling sorry for you. Can you tell me more about it? When did his death happen? And you had no warning before he died? Have you planned any funeral or ceremony?
Oh I am so sorry to hear that. Your friend's father was your friend too? I feel you so much right now. Things seem to be feeling a bit empty right now. What other friends do you have? Some friendships are especially more important now.
it is very upsetting and I can see that you are sad and worried that you won't be able to say goodbye in person and that may be so. There are pandemic support groups online where you could be comforted by friends who are going through the same thing as you.
it sounds like the concern about family making you nervous. maybe you would consider talking with a therapist to cope with that. it might be good to do that. they may also be able to keep an eye on your safety and provide advice. have you thought about seeking out a therapist for guidance?
also have you tried cry / hold it in at first and make sure you speak to someone who cares. as crying is a great release of stress. crying is sometimes scary and sometimes a good way to take it all out. does this make you feel a little better? I hope it does!
oh for sure that is already so hard. hard times are as hard as possible to be even depressed. at least you know you can do your work while not being in the stress. and maybe you can even turn it into a blessing because you're already doing all you can to survive right now.
hmmm that's good. that must be helpful. do any of your academic materials in person or online? either one might help to give your mind things to focus on. i think studying and like you did drawing can help.
oh i understand, it takes a lot of heart to think about our loved ones when it comes to covid. i know your thoughts are very valid. are there ways you feel that your family and loved ones are preparing? eg.
does your parents have a good insurance? i see more people having a hard time paying for medical bills right now. i think that should be our number one concern. they should be your first concern. what do you think?
you as well. i know that you will be fine and will be able to sail through covid with ease. i hope i was able to help you and your parents. take care. you too. thank you for your time. feel better soon.
how have you been? feeling upset about him? because that is also the same reason I broke up with him. I also know he also did the same to me. it's not worth the fight. even after we are together for so long he always do the same.
Is it the person you dropped? If you remember, what is it that you dropped? If you can't remember, it might be helpful to figure that out first. If you dropped your relationship, you might want to figure out why it dropped.
How long did you date? Is there other people you see online that you go to for comfort? Someone like a aunt or a grandmother? Or is it just the online guy? Is he alone? Do you see him online alone? Has he moved on? Any other contacts that you see online?
Or is he online? Can you see him? Is there anything you can do about it? Can you take revenge on him? This could work out for you. Maybe in 6 months you'll be interested in someone else. You don't want to feel lonely all the time.
It seems like he is treating you poorly. If I'm right, he is ignoring you? I didn't see how he dropped your relationship. Would you want to contact him for asking why he dropped the relationship? Are you sure you want to do that?
Play hard to get? I used to have woman crushes and it worked for me. I block them and waited it out. Now I am happy and don't cheat. I trust in myself and my ability to attract good, so they love me for me.
He just wasn't working the right way to you, and it didn't work out. One bad word can be the last, you never know. The thought alone has you concerned about your health. Take some time to meditate and then drive, get out of that head.
So you want to be in a real relationship, not a casual relationship? It's better to be happy. Leave him and be yourself. If you become that real yourself, the real one will come along. Being a fake doesn't work. You want the pandemic to pass, right?
I don't know, but to forget him for the time being it works for me. You can do this. You will get over him. Believe in yourself and you will do great. Do not let him destroy you and hope.
You are more than one guy or one person. You are a great person! See if you can't help yourself see better, but just don't be hurt again. Make the bad guy work hard to get a response.
If he is not contacting you, or is stupid, you can even reach out to his buddies and colleagues and be blunt. Don't give him false hope! haha, would never have thought of that :) Go do something else, practice a new hobby, read a book, or watch a movie.
I would not do that unless you are really sure you want to be friends again. If he continues, then you need to set boundaries. For me, I would not use friends of mine to deal with this. I would hang out by myself or meet up with my friends.
Yes, it's the way to do it! If he contacts you again, tell him you are busy. And ask him what we can do to spend the time. I think you will see what he is really looking for. Who is he really dating?
If he keeps chatting, just ask him to come by somewhere private to chat. But please do not want to be rude, keep the situation as safe as possible. Something wrong is going on. Let the police do the investigating!
Sure! Best of luck. Stay strong! Stay safe! Bye! :) (this from my end :) ) :) seriously, you got this! :D :) best luck to you!
hi there. how are you doing? What can I help you with? :)? Hope you are doing good. Is there anything you want to talk about? Or just want to chat? :)? I am here to help you any way I can. don't be afraid to talk about anything.
Why are you angry? I am sorry to hear that, if you want to talk about it, please do. I can really help you out if you would like. Please tell me what is going on. So I understand that you are angry and why.
I'm sorry to hear that. Has this been going on for a while? I can try to understand your point of view and not know everything. Maybe you can think about this in a different light? What's been going on that makes them behave this way?
Ah, it sounds like she may have taken you for granted. Has this been going on for a while now? Maybe if you sit down and have a good talk she will appreciate the opportunity to know how you feel?
Do you think that you should have a word with her and try to get her to realise how you feel? Or try to do the same? I personally think that doing something like this with someone you care about is more than often necessary. Do you think that this is something you could do?
Maybe you might get some answers out of her and might even be able to help her if she is trying to get out of hearing your opinion. Maybe it is just a situation in your life and she doesn't want to share it with you because you might not agree with her?
Well, if you think she is really bad, I would still try to reach out, but be clear if they are up to no good.
Maybe something is bothering you and you want to talk about it. Or maybe you just want someone to listen and are trying to relate with me in some way. As long as its not getting too personal, thats okay. But anything that is too sensitive or personal, maybe dont discuss it.
I understand your concerns, but it might not be the best to talk about that type of thing right now, make sure the conversation is about what you are concerned about. You don't want to bother her too much.
I hope things get better, you do deserve to get along with her and being nice to you both will improve things. I believe that both of you will see things from each other perspective soon enough and be able to get along better. I wish you the best!
Youre welcome. I hope you are able to get some help and just know that you took care of yourself. It sounds like you did the right thing. Thanks for talking. Do you need any more help? You can always reach me in chat. I wish you the best.
You sound very level headed about it. It sounds like a strong approach! I hope she comes around and sees that you just want a relationship to be healthy and make the effort to be a good partner. Good luck with it! It sounds like it's going to be a positive change.
You might have to see it through a couple of glasses at the same time but thats good because its hard to always be even. You find a balance and its good. Why dont you show her the love and friendship you still have for her even if she is acting rough?
Anyway I wish you all the best! You too! :) Welcome! :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :)) Wedding! My honeymoon! :D :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :)) nothing else. :) :) :) :) :) :) :)) Wedding! My honeymoon!
Hi! How are you doing today? How may I assist you? :( sorry. I didn't see you from my end. This is the start of a new day? May I get your name. I do not know what you want? What is on your mind today?
I am very sorry to hear that, but I know that everyone has people they can talk to and do not know. How long ago was this going on? After the initial damage I was in, I started talking to my mother.
i have been there myself, i have made friends. it is hard but its good. would you consider going to a support group? I went to the local psych group. they have yoga, meditation and talks. can be very helpful. and groups are a good way to make new people too.
I am sorry to hear that and if i might guess you don't have any friends in your local area because i have been in a similar position. I would like to think you are looking for true friends only, which is probably very hard to find these days?
what do you feel like you can do to connect with others around you? maybe get involved in a sports team or any other group that uses sports as a therapeutic outlet. do you have anyone at home you can call?
also there is a lot of amazing free or low-cost groups out there that you can join that are out there for you to help you stay in your sobriety. You do not have to do the rest yourself. there are people out there that care and know what you are going through.
it sounds like you are focused on finding work on the other side so you can come home to your boyfriend and life back to normal. That's a good strategy. What will you do if you find work?
Are there support groups you can join on the computer that deal specifically with addiction issues? Sometimes I have found support groups online for those issues. My counselor is online, she has websites and groups on Facebook that deal with addiction.
i'm sure it is ok to be friends to each other if you want to talk and do it in private. Just make sure you only talk with people who you can trust.
do you have any close friends in Tennessee or anyone that you feel you could talk to and bring up some concerns you have? My grandmother was up in Oregon for about a year and i saw more anxiety in my 60-year-old husband than me. I heard about that more recently.
I'm sorry to hear that. It might be best if you have to step away from that scene for a little while. Do you have time to talk with your friend more often? Maybe ask for another friend in your area to talk to?
not being in reovery himself would make it possible for him to understand your decision. you seem really scared of this situation. you seem anxious about having an affair. do you feel your fiancé would not accept an affair if he found out? should he? should you?
is this a long time since he got back from reovery, do you have any friends to talk to in TN that are going through similar things? I recently lost a close friend to cancer. It was a long time ago, but it was really a blow.
in the meantime, try to see if you can talk to him about your recovery as well? did you go to a counselor? do you have a therapist? is there a group that comes to your home? etc.
no he doesn't speak english i can hear his english being bad. That's good though..are you Italian? We have a group that we have on social media that has people from different countries that speak spanish, italian, and english. Maybe you could join that group?
you too! do you have any other conversations you wanted to have today? :) and i hope you can go get a sick day or something because recovery is hard and spending too much time with your fiancé can just burn you out! :) all the best! :) ] budou :), :) yes.
Hello. How are you? Would you like to talk about your thoughts? Sorry to be so blunt, but this can be a lonely thing at times. I want to hear about your days. How have you been? Is there something on your mind you'd like to talk about?
can you share the bad news that is going down your pants? for me it is fine i am not an expert, but you are a expert for yourself. Can you share the bad news. This helps me understand your concerns. Please remember you are in charge of this as well.
Is your parent there that you can talk to or do you live alone please tell me more. I understand your pain please let me know how you can get the transcripts your looking for.
Can I ask what type of school you are going to? perhaps they have support teams there you can reach out to? or you are in online? I am also a student and have experience with supporting other students as well. Maybe I can provide some advice? Its been a long day for you.
Honesty is a great attitude to have. Perhaps you could contact your school and possibly someone from a higher position to help you out as well. I am sure they can provide some assistance. Is there any school programs that can help?
From what you are telling me it seems that your boss doesn't know that the files were stored in another building. So this is a total waste of time to you and your bosses and I see no way to change this.
Yes I get that. Is there anyone you could talk to about this? A family member or a friend. They could always listen and tell you how hard it is for them as well.
You are quite right! And can you access any other job requirements? Are you looking at a position as a teacher? So you do have an opportunity to start a job that could benefit you? That is a possibility to really look at.
Also, you are a very intelligent person and this was not because of you. You are probably one of the best individuals out there. However, it is your job to choose someone who will be a good fit for you. So don't give up. You can be a great choice.
Other people may look up to you, I may look up to you or feel like you are the only person who can do my job. But the first step is always learning from yourself or your coworkers. It sounds like you have a good plan. Stick to it and you can get through this.
Your career is yours. Anything is possible, the keys are in your hands. I would encourage you to work on finding out if they have any other positions available to you. I would also ask for feedback from the supervisor, or a representative in the department.
What have you done to move forward in your role? I hope you will continue moving forward in your role and not allow a bad situation to come between you. Thank you for your honesty. Good luck. We are all thinking of you.
I am so glad you are able to help your coworkers. That is a big positive in this situation. You are a hero. And I am so proud of you for your past experience! You can use that to help your coworkers in the future. Do you have any other ideas?
The good news is your experience with the company will help you to be more qualified for any training you take. The bad news is your position is not suitable for you to be the CEO of the company. It's hard to see that at first but that's a perspective you will come to see.
You are more than welcome, have a great day. Enjoy your weekend! :) :) :) :) :) :) : )!
Have a blessed day as well. Best of luck with your career! You got this. Is there anyone else you can talk to? You're just a click away. :).. :).. :) ;)... :) :) :) ;-) :(... :) :) :) ;-).. :) :) ;)..
How can I help you? I am here for you. I know the world can be tough sometimes. Is there something you want to talk to me about? I want to make sure you know you are not alone. What seems to be bothering you the most right now?
Your birthday is coming up. This is a normal time. Just remember, you may have achieved great things in the past. And it is okay to make mistakes. Why do you feel you are a failure? You are not defined by one bad decision.
It is something to be aware of, isn't it? I have a lot of feelings myself, and sometimes I think it would be really useful to try and get things off my chest. Are there anyone you feel comfortable talking to about your feelings?
Well, I understand how you feel. It's natural to feel like we don't meet the standards. Does this relate to an incident recently or a long term thing? If it's recently, I'd like to get it off your chest! We can discuss this.
Have you tried to change anything in your routine to ease your self-hatred? I know when I'm going through a bad day, I sometimes go for a run (it's a good way to clear my head and put things into perspective). Perhaps you might do that on your birthday?
Oh sorry I didn't catch that. I can see you feel like you don't fit in and are expected to do things that are hard for you. Perhaps you have fun, doing the opposite of what most people do? Is that correct?
So, I think it's good that you are self aware of your feelings and that you are in a position to make changes in your life. How about taking a few things away to help you? Simply being older is not the key to success.
Have you ever considered becoming self-employed? And living at home with yourself? The more comfortable you feel, the better you can function. I think you do not have to be like everyone else, you only need to be yourself. Not "normal" but "you". Have you thought about this?
It's so hard to find joy in making the right choice, especially when everyone around you seems to think there is a certain way to do everything. Do you find you are happy for your brain's, just because it's different?
yeah, definitely. I once asked my friends when I was young if I was weird. They got uncomfortable and changed the subject. Sorry to hear that! My family too. We would press them on that. I know i'm getting old! lol.
I totally understand, working hard is the best way to impress others. Or look at it as if you can be whatever you want to be, whatever your heart desires, because you are already that person. You just have to think about what that is.
Don't you think that those are good things you're doing? I think most people who have autism would like to talk to others and hear how others deal with these things. I don't know about the therapy, but having someone to talk to is very helpful. Are you someone you can trust?
That is good to hear! My best to you and stay connected! You know I can help if there is anything else! :) Bye for now! :) click chat if you want to stay connected! and yes, it is not a great experience unless you choose it :)!
That's a great idea. Maybe you should! It can be a great way to get others to understand your needs and do something you like. I think you are missing out on a great opportunity here! :) You are definitely doing some great work on your issues.
You can put my bio on your resume if you like. You'll look at it on the applications too. Well, I hope we have enjoyed our chat. It was nice. Have a good night! Thanks for talking with me. Bye! :) :)! :) :) :) :)! :) :)!
I'm glad you did! I'm having a great time as well. Is there anything else I can help you with? Other than telling you how I'm doing? And I can help you? Please don't mind. My time is limited.
Don't be blue! There is bound to be someone out there. Good luck. I hope you find someone! :) Have a great day! Thanks. :) yourself :) :) :) You. :) :) :>) You and your dreams! :>)...I mean from where I am sitting.
You too, bye bye. :) :) :) :dry lol. :conf :) :dry lol. :) :conf :) :dry lol. :conf :) :dry lol.
How was your day? :) Goodbye. Have a nice rest! Have a good birthday!
I am sorry, how can I help? Can you share more with me? What are you afraid of? What is making you so bitter? Can you share with me? I want to help you so I need to know more from you.
Are you referring to someone in your friend group? I apologize for asking such a personal question, I just want to make sure I understand your feelings. Are they in your friend group? I can see from our total conversation that they are. Is this a romantic friend?
Oh no, is this a situation where you feel like he lied to you because you don't trust him anymore? Please let me know so I can help you work through this. Can you give me a little more context on this? Is he a family member? His something else?
I'm sorry you felt so hurt by your friend lying to you. I understand how hurtful that can be. Did your friend not mean to lie? Do you believe that their motive was for you to see the truth about them?
It seems like your friend found out and was hurt by the fact that he was lied to. Has this caused him to quit inviting you over? Do you think you might want to say sorry? Would this be the right time to express how you feel to him?
How long have you and your friend been friends? This one must have come out of the blue, but not a lot of people are unaware of the lie. 10 years of friendship is a great length of time, and a lot of people wouldn't think to take the bait on something.
So he did apologize and you accepted his apology? That makes sense. It may have given you hope that things can be resolved. That doesn't mean however that you were right, and his lie will be considered dishonest.
That's good that you are accepting of his apology. Is there any other issue you would like to talk about? Maybe one that isn't part of the friendship? Or is there a change in your life that you would like to talk about?
From what I can tell, your boss is making you uncomfortable by his actions? I can understand the impact of this on your life, how do you feel? Would you like to talk more about this? I am happy to support you. What is it like when this co-worker is around him?
Yeah, that's a pretty uncomfortable situation, I can see why you're hesitant to bring it up, but I think you can do it pretty diplomatically - for you, at least. Don't try to eavesdrop or you might get in trouble. You should talk to HR.
That's hard to do as her coworker, and now you have to try. What would be a good way for her to get help if she has concerns? What's the current method of reporting HR complaints? Are there any charities or forums that could help?
It is really good that you want to try to solve the problem, so your behavior is great. My main suggestion would be that you try to talk to her to talk about your problem and figure out a solution. If she is working with HR, she can't talk to her.
Is there a way to facilitate lunch for her? Maybe lunch at the coffee shop? Are you in a position to ask your boss to arrange that? Or maybe you can chat to her and see what options are available to make her feel more comfortable? I'd like to explore all possibilities.
Yes. That's a good plan. If you send more texts, she'll get busy with her work. I think you have a good chance. You're thinking and you're very busy. She's most likely going to be busy to. It's great you're thinking about her first.
You're absolutely right. I'm sure he knows what you're trying to do and needs help. Hopefully you'll be able to get him to stop with the one thing. I'm glad you're in charge. It sounds like you're ready for this and will succeed. Good luck!
That's a very difficult place to be. I would like to have some advice on how to tell your boss. I think you're on the right track with texting him. I think you should write him a letter explaining how you feel. Tell him your reasons and express your feelings.
It was nice talking to you. I wish you the best of luck! My personal wish for you is to find that dream job that you feel is right for you. It will be the best thing for you! You got this!
Take care! Have a good day! ;-) Best wishes to you! I hope things go well. You'll succeed. You're going to do great! :) :) :) Best wishes! :) :)! :) :)!
May I ask why? Can you explain? I want to know all of them. Whatever causes it you should say? Do you have any reasons? Or can you try to explain? Anytime you have time share with me. What is it? Have you any mistakes that have caused you frustration?
I see. It seems that you don't like arguments with your mom. Do you have any other family members? Like grandma, aunt? What do you do with them? You love her. How can you express your feelings towards her? Maybe she isn't what you think she is.
That is very unfortunate. I don't know how you can feel sad because of this, but I understand how you feel. For a long time, my mum never approved of anything I did. I ended up not doing anything. That made me feel sad for a long time.
It is amazing that you can put yourself together to find your own friends who care about you more than your mom. That's really brave. What has been your relationship with your mom like? Is it very close? And have you had a good explanation for your reasons?
I don't believe that my mom made any differences to us. My parents do not matter. In the end, we have to make our own choices. And that's good. It shows that my parents do not care about my decisions. It shows that my parents do not understand me.
How would you like her to react when you try to speak with her about your concerns? Maybe we can take the situation together? We all need some support in our lives. I want you to know that I understand how you feel. It's good that you are approaching your concerns with me.
Do you have any hobbies to take your mind off from that? This should help you to relax. Some people like painting, dancing, reading or writing. Do you have any hobbies? Maybe you can take them out. This should help you to relax. Do you have any hobbies?
What are her concerns about your friends? I have friends with some people that I do not agree with their views on. Did you have a good talk with your mom and express your feelings? I have been there. Just talk it out and explain your feelings to her. She will be more understanding.
It sounds like you try to keep good people as your friends. I know I don't have any friend if my parents wouldn't let me make new friends. What do you think your friends might have in common with your family background? might there be something they have in common?
Well, there are many other activities that your mom can do in this place. She can join a support group. If she had family relatives living in other city, they might come visit you. For example you can invite them to lunch or dinner.
That's a great idea. And yes, it's the only way she will understand the problem. Being in conflict with a parent can be devastating for her as well. I think a gift is acceptable, if you can afford it. Consider finding other gift ideas to impress her.
You are welcome. Have a good day. Bye.
How can I help you? What is on your mind? I am here to listen and give you a shoulder to lean on. Let's make it a good day. What is going on? In what area do you need help? Sit, write down what you want to say.
I'm sorry to hear that. What specifically is making you burn out? You got 12 months of experience! What are you struggling with? Can you share with me how you're feeling? I am here to listen and share advice.
I think you are very talented in the field as you already have a job, so this is not a bad idea at all. Have you thought about alternative paths? I can try to offer a few ideas if you'd like. It won't be with any cost to you.
That's my feeling as well! Have you tried talking to your wife? Is that something you've considered? She might be more able to offer some peace of mind. I'd be up for a therapist... if you are in that position :) Though if you are not...
It sounds as if you've been in the same position for a long time - do you have any aspirations in life? Or are you happy to just get by? I'd suggest taking some time to think about what you want in life, perhaps do some hobby groups, speak to other people?
I can certainly see you feeling a bit emotionally taxing from this situation. It must be a terribly frustrating occupation. Would it be possible for you to speak to an authoritative medical practitioner about possibly taking a few months off?
Well, I have to be honest, I have found that whenever I am feeling burnt out, I need to see a doctor. Mine says that I need to go to the gym to avoid it. So maybe it is a good thing to sort out your mental health!
I have to say that you look to be a brilliant therapist and should certainly continue to be so. Have you thought about other opportunities that might also suit your situation? Maybe something in another area of your life? Research, perhaps? Or mentoring or coaching? There are many different options.
How are you mentally and physically now? I can suggest some breathing exercises to help if you need to. I used to be depressed for about 2 years. It is somewhat easier now, but I had to learn how to take control of myself. This is why you need to take it slow!
When I think of it, we are all just temporary mental households. Eventually we will be humans sitting on houses! :D I am glad you are staying positive though :) I hope I have been helpful! Are you able to end the session now?
I think people are interested in a good chat :D. Was your last job relatively similar to what you do now? What type of work do you do? Maybe we can have another chat when I'm on my own side?
That's a problem to have to consider. I am not sure about the medication. Can you give me an idea of what your job does and how much it would have a impact on your life? This might help.
It is a delicate balance but if you give it a try, you might be surprised how much it helps. Do you live close to them? You might be able to come in for a coffee in person if that would be helpful! I like coffee!
your very welcome! Have a good day.
I'm sorry to hear that. Would you like to talk about it? I'm here to listen. What's wrong? Can you tell me more? What's making you feel this way? Can you give me more details? Will you tell me more about it?
I am sorry to hear you are having depression drugs not making a difference, that is not good. Have you tried any therapy. Maybe a private doctor that your doctor can refer you to. There is support out there. I know you can do it. You are strong.
Yes! I see, can I help you with getting your depression sorted out then? Or is there something else going on? Or the drugs just not working for you? Or are you being bullied? Or is there something else going on?
Well, it seems like you and your Doctor are talking on the same page. This is really great. You do look like you have good intentions. When you find someone who understands you, you often know thats the right person.
Have you attempted anything to get your emotional muscles to open up? Emotional healing is a huge process. Good things start with confronting emotions. There is a tool called acognitive testing called ctec that can help you gain clarity on what is causing the tears in the first place.
I am glad to hear that! How long has it been since you first met with this therapist? Would you like to keep it going in the new year if the medical is okay with it? They are great! In other realms...
I hope i could help but you seem to have a very dark situation and i feel happy to have been of some help, even if it was just a brief piece of comfort. Is there anything else i can do? Is there anything else i can do to support you?
That is very good to hear. If you could take a moment to have them see if they can help any other issues arise? It is probably them that needs to reach out. As long as you are willing, and if that's not your case, that's okay.
Of course, have a great rest of your day, take care!
It has definitely been a hard time. It has been for me for over 2 years. I am still learning to cope. But we will get through it. It is never easy but in my opinion it is worth it. We will figure it out and be better for it.
Have you considered filing for divorce? I know it can be rough but sometimes its better than just going through the motions for the sake of a stranger. Thats my two cents im not a legal thing though. I know your daughter is going to be through this hard time for you.
I am sorry but no, men are not as intimate as girls and they need to understand that it is not intimate if they see a girl. It is like you need to give yourself permission to be with them as a individual so that you can both move forward with yourself.
A hot bath or a good book are just great ways to relax you and let yourself blow off steam and get ready for them to leave soon. I don't know that they are directly related to my situation but they are good for a breakup. At least my ex husband loved to read.
I see. Yes you may need to talk to your friend about how you feel, just in case it could potentially be a problem. Also there is your husband, perhaps he could help you with baby sitting. I know we have to share you.
Well that is wonderful news and how are you going on your way? May God bless you and your little family for your time to communicate and connect. Soaking in the tub will help. Have fun and Get cozy and I will help you when you need me.
I wish you the best. And when they return I pray for you and your entire family. You do you! You got this! Enjoy your bath! Those are great ideas, sweetie. I'm so happy for you. You got my blessing. Don't forget you deserve a happy marriage.
I think that some women need to take a step back from the guys who don't treat them right. Maybe find someone who is a little bit like that, someone who makes you feel like you're the queen of the castle. I do know that 2 men are better than 1!!
Absolutely no worries! Enjoy the day and see you next! :) btw, you have a chance to see that little lady alive :) Thank you for the conversation! Have a great day!
I'm sorry to hear that. It is indeed a poor time to be unemployed. Is there anything in particular that is bothering you? Or is it just that life is feeling gloomy at the moment? It sounds like a very melancholy thing to be doing.
Oh wow, that sounds terrible. I am so sorry that you have been going through that. That must make you very sad. Is this the cause of your depression? That may help you to find a solution. Are there any other workers that can provide a sound career path?
So you feel as though your employer is treating you very badly? How can you feel that way? Do you feel like they are being unfair or are you worried about their intentions? Or something else entirely? Do they not understand that you have feelings and are worried about what is going on?
That is really hard. I know from working my own job I was miserable too. However I've found that taking short breaks outside and getting some fresh air is really helpful. I also make time for friends and family. Those things helped me through a difficult time.
And if this doesn't work, have you tried to talk to your boss? I'm sure that they can offer some sort of benefit to the other side of the issue. Perhaps an out of hours arrangement? Sometimes it takes another person to bring out the solution.
That sounds good. Sounds to me like you might be letting her take advantage of you without fully understanding the full scope of how things are going. Do you know what her failures have been and how long they have been happening? I think that would help to keep her accountable.
Are you sure that this is your birthright? Or is it the other way around? I ask this as not to prejudice but because I have never encountered anyone who felt that they needed to apply to another job and be recognised for their performance in this manner.
I have applied for jobs in my time as well and it is definitely hard. I was accepted and offered a few different positions but ended up choosing one that was a better fit for my interests and skills.
Perhaps you could take it up with HR as well. They have a responsibility to ensure all of their staff are treated fairly and professionally and they would know exactly what you need. Have you considered mentioning it to a management person before trying to make a formal complaint?
What do you think? Do I seem to be the right person to be addressing your situation? Maybe I can get a supervisor involved for you if you feel that things are escalating further? There's no danger of you going over the line with them! Is that possible?
I am glad to hear that. Thank you for chatting with me today! I hope you have a wonderful rest of your day!
I am sorry to hear that. Can you tell me what is bothering you? Would you like to talk about it? Perhaps I can help??:) best information from my side can help you deal with this.
I hear you. This is definitely a fear to be proud of. I used to be afraid of public speaking too. I started speaking about it and wrote a book about it and was successful! I'm really proud of myself and know you will too.
Have you practiced speaking in front of others before? Or is this your first time? I found that talking to an audience makes the nervousness go away. Practice in front of friends or family. Don't be afraid of any room that doesn't feel like a studio.
I have done some in elementary and middle school but not high school. I have had to do some to make it seem like I wanted to be prepared! Also I had to present to a class once and it was fine. Do you think there is anything you can do to prepare yourself?
I have no experience but I have learned from other students how to overcome my fears. By doing research I found out it is hard and we don't have to let fear control us. I found that it is better to be prepared. So are you prepared or are you starting to freak out?
I can understand your stress but think about all the good it will help you in the long run. Have you talked to anyone about this in the past? Possibly friends or family? Maybe even a counselor?
Also, maybe you can talk with your friend you could suggest a talk before the one that is being presented, that will give your friend confidence for the big day so you won't be so nervous too.
That is very self caring. I'm sure your partner and family would be very happy to hear you are looking out for yourself and that you have all the tools to be a successful speaker. I hope this question helps.
oh how important it is for you to not be anxious in person is very useful. In my current community a Zoom meeting is required by law if you are over 18 and also want to vote in it. How about you vote?
Well how about reading up some books on public speaking. Have you tried that before? Some are free online and you can review them later. Maybe a book about overcoming anxiety and speaking with anxiety is something you could explore.
That's understandable do you have other goals like travel or see more people on instagram? Maybe try to let some of that progress the next time you meet someone before going to the place you have to visit? Did your doctor suggest something?
Have you spoken to a mental health professional? They can probably help you through this! I think of a doctor too! They might be able to help you straighten things out and get some motivation going. Unfortunately I can not do that. I am here to help though!
you're welcome. I'll pray for you. You can post on this website again and we can chat and try to have a good idea where to go from here as well :) Thank you for sharing with me today. You're always welcome.
have a wonderful day!...via facebook :) :) and i am always here for you though if you want to talk again or anything like that...take care and stay safe :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :)...to find peace we are often bound to seek it from ourselves but what you are
Have you spoken to people close to you about your fears? I dont think thats often done anymore. I am a little bit of a rebel and I dont agree with that and dont think its a good thing that its taking that kind of path..
Your welcome. If you would like to reach me you may do so. We are in a pandemic so my services are not available online you need to stay at home and wait for this thing to end. God bless and God watch over you :). See you out :).
God is a God of war and We should fight in our mind we should be the powerful not the fearful. It is time for me to go. Just make sure you pray the full prayer here last so you won't get death..
hello, how are you today? hope you like these words! Are you there? Have any issues? please tell! :) anything else you want to talk about? I am here for you! :) :) any things on your mind today? you might know that words help us!
How can I help you? Was there an issue we need to discuss? Both of us? Why you feel this way? All of the above? Most of the time? Maybe? 3rd.? What I am going to ask you? My name is Larry. And you?
I'm so sorry. Are you allowing yourself to express your feelings to her? It seems like you are not letting her see you are upset. Am I correct? How is she feeling in response to your laid back attitude?
It sounds like you are feeling like she is putting you in an uncomfortable position with her sudden stress. I can understand why this would be frustrating for you. Have you tried making sure that the phone is not in her line of sight when you talk on the phone?
Have you ever tried physical contact, like hugs or cuddles, to ease your frustration? Or do you need to engage in activities that help you to feel better? I think this might be a good opportunity for you to suggest an activity. This could be of some benefit to you both.
Have you considered staying in touch with her though? Sending her emails, pictures of your life, etc.? Maybe that would help her get out of this rut she's in. So much of our happiness can be difficult to attain, I always think it's from our relationships with others.
I can understand where you're coming from, but do you think you can set aside a moment to sit and talk about it and clear things up? Perhaps you could ask her about this a bit at a time and see how she feels?
I think the biggest problem is that it is a very emotional situation - both of you feel like something is wrong. I would suggest taking some time to practice and to connect more with both of you, and thinking about how you could start to see each other in a more positive light.
So you feel like you have no other choice but to help her? Could you perhaps try to guide her to an alternate therapy program? From what you have told me, you seem like someone who is really empathetic towards others. Maybe finding an alternate therapist would help?
If you all share a car she could take you guys somewhere you can talk without your cousin. I think it will give you some peace of mind if you just talk about this. It sounds like it really needs to get better for you!
You may have to ask yourself, is this an issue that I can really resolve myself? Can it be reversed? I would just get a proffessional involved because that would be the best solution. It would not only help you but also your cousin who is in therapy.
Of course. Take care! And all the best to your cousins! Have a great day!
You as well! Thank you for talking. Have a great holiday season!
Take care! :) and thank you! Bye! :) You can quit now. This will need to be on the main side. from your end and then mine.
i am good. how are you? can you speak more clearly? that i can help you. any question? anything? ok. how is your day? any problem? can you tell me? is there anything that you are missing in your conversation?
Have you tried to figure out what triggers you are feeling impatient? What have you done in the past to help you manage these feelings? Or how do you keep yourself busy while you are feeling depressed? How do you feel about your well-being? Can you tell me more?
Sometimes it can be really tough to feel happy when you can't be with the people that you care about. Is that correct? The children are in school but they are not at home, so you do not feel like you can do anything to reassure them.
You should play politics in the way that suits your business and personal life the best, not have to fit into someone else's expectations or mold. There is no one right way to play politics or do business for that matter.
Are there any politicians that you are familiar with? Have you considered engaging in a policy discussion online or by proxy? It is always better to take the high road even if things don't go in your favor. It can actually increase your credibility with others. I find that to be very helpful.
Well, what can you do to improve your game at a political level? Do you have to join any clubs? As a teenager, joining clubs or groups of people in your niche is great for building relationships and networking. For me, I started out as a book club.
I also get away from screens as much as I can. There is nothing worse than losing your cycle of determination. A few days of less screen time, and sometimes meditation and relaxation as well. The key is to not let your hobby's get the best of you. Let it keep you grounded.
Ah, yes! Maybe we can just get out and then exercise. Maybe if you get away and feel better, then you can then go back to things you have neglected. Do you ever find yourself guilt tripped into drinking or other behaviors?
Sometimes you just have to shake it up and try something new, and I love hiking and how stress relief it is. In fact I'll probably try to do some out here tomorrow. I'm worried a little bit, but eventually i think it will be easier.
I'd like to help you find a personal trainer. There is a lot of them online now. Let me give you some resource. The state of Oregon just hired one and there are many pages of professional trainers on line and state of Oregon. I just wanted to make a recommendation!
I am glad you did the hike. It sounds like you're really going to have to make the snow shoeing happen. I hope it will be a healthier and stress lesser time for you. Maybe you can make some new connections and become a little stronger. It will be good for you.
It sounds like you are really doing a lot of yoga to deal with the stress. I can tell you are not letting stress stress you out. It is really commendable that you are working so hard to deal with your stress. Is there anything else that you need help with?
So Mark is a person with bipolar disorder and he is in treatment. Has that been helpful to him? And has he talked with other people in his life about his needs? Not just his friends and family. Are there other people he can talk to? Good for you! You're supporting him.
Have you tried any steps to help his moods and help him stay healthy? I also tried my best to help a friend with a disability and i find that giving the best support will help him stay healthier and able to interact with friends and family.
You don't seem to know anything about his medication. what is his condition, is it depression? Thank you for sharing this with me. What is your role in his life? Please let me know what your position is with him. I will be glad to provide some suggestions.
I can feel your distress. I have been there myself and I can tell that you are exhausted. Have you seen a professional before? Not a doctor, but maybe a holistic health doctor who treats the whole body? They can be very helpful.
Do you have anyone close by to help you with the issues? Either family or friends? I've had close relationships with friends that would have them and they had learned their own strength. Maybe you could talk to someone close by to see if you can also get their input?
It sounds like he is not taking your concerns seriously and seems unwilling to work on himself. I would not let him pressure you into letting him off the hook. He is not worth it. Have you talked to anyone about this? Your friends? Your family?
That sounds like an amazing thing to do. You could even have your doctor talk to him if he refuses to listen. Also, you can talk to your doctor. They may know how to contact him. He may be sick.
I completely agree. my daughter is bi-polar as well and her medication has been changing a lot. We have made a lot of good progress with it. I do not understand why the medication has not been working for her but i can feel what i see in my daughter and it hurts.
I think you do a great job! You should be proud of yourself. You are doing an amazing job. Are you concerned about his health or his current situation? Anything else? maybe there is something we can do to help him now? I know we can definitely help him.
Im sure he would get upset if you made him feel that he is the problem. You should never have to deal with people who have bi-polar disorder. Do not blame him for it.
Have you had anyone see him because of this? Do you live with him? If you are close with him, it would be beneficial for him. I do believe he could get a shot in the arm with some professional help.
I understand completely. It has been a while, 14 months. Do you have to look back at his behavior 14 months ago? Do you have any examples? Also, is his disorder similar to his biological diorder?
I think it is time to see your doctor and start about three times a week which is your routine. Or how about 3 times a week and with him you could observe for more than three time it would help. According to some research and by many people going through the same have helped.
certainly. even if he forgets things he needs to remember or forgets he doesn't need to stay up at night with worries. life is pretty simple. listen to your loved ones.
thank you. i hope he starts to be helpful. best of luck with him. i hope you can get better. best wishes. Peace is peace. Thank you. my service will be closed now. you are now free to press quit and finish. best wishes. :) / virtual greeting.
And stay safe and healthy. I think you need to go to the doctor now. i would suggest to do the latest covid test to get immunity. No cure. :):) Take care and bless your future. 2021 Good luck! :) :) :)).
Hi, how are you doing? It seems like you are having a good day but wanted to share your thoughts with someone today. Can I help? I see that you are wondering if there is anyone there, that you feel is bothering you. Would you like to talk more about it?
I am doing alright. Everything going to be alright? What is wrong? Can you tell me more about it? I want to understand your concerns. Let's make sure that I can assist you in any way I can! Please be patient and open, it is very important.
I can suggest some things that I have done in the past that have helped my husband, such as thinking about different solutions we could work on, staying calm, and not jumping to conclusions.
I'm sorry to hear that. Does this come at a specific time of year? You seem to be experiencing a seasonal depression. Is that correct? I see that it is making you blue. I know that is terrible. I'm trying to hold onto this season because of holidays and joy.
The crack of a creme brule is amazing, and I love the smell of fall leaves, but what makes you smile? What do you do when you're feeling down? Have you tried taking a deep breath? Take your mind off it. Take a walk outside. Listen to music.
I think it's great that you're thinking about how to cheer yourself up! Even small acts of fun like getting a creme brule can do a great job in temporarily lifting you up. What sounds good to you? Maybe you want to go for a walk outside?
So you just want to wake yourself up from the blues. Tell yourself that things will be fine and get back to a healthy routine. I think that sound of the trumpet is really uplifting and would be a great way to brighten yourself up.
What do you do for a living? Give me a little hint so I can be more clear about suggestions i could do! Then I can share more advice!
That's okay. There are many other exercises you can do in the comfort of your own home. Do you enjoy gardening? I do, it is a great way to get your blood flowing and take care of yourself.
You know you should take the scenic route! There is a park with woods just near my home and my kiddos love playing in them during the holidays. A short walk just goes some miles and cuts off part of the day that could be spent looking on your phone. Have you considered that?
I did a 30 minute walk today and it made me happy. Have you ever tried coloring for 30 minutes? You might find it relaxing. I prefer coloring. It helps me get in a good mood. I color my flowers and paint. Color is fun. You could try that too.
I think it's getting a bit worse in your area i can tell from our conversation. But are you alone? In your home and garden? Or is there still another person? If you see them come to visit you soon. How about a phone call or video call?
Well... those are the same but in different ways. We make the best of this. And even though it's tiring, i'm thankful for the real meaning of a close friendship. The struggle will not last forever. Just not for much longer.
no problem at all. Enjoy your virtual day, and stay safe! We don't know when we can all meet up again. Better to stay social from afar! Have a great day! :) and thanks for talking. Feel free to contact me if you need any more guidance. :) Thx!!
How can i help you today? Would you like to talk? I will do my best to help. I am an acupuncturist. What are you feeling now? If you need me to do anything you can always be sure to click and fill out the survey.
I am okay. Would you like to talk? I am here for you. How can I help you? The weather is nice today. I can go for a walk, take in some sunshine and talk to you. All out. Your welcome. How are you doing?
what does this mean? when are you feeling things "piling up"? how can i help? feeler of your emotion or tell you something you want to do? help create an outline I am unable to see. feeler, or what you are wanting to do?
Oh I see. And this is kinda a common problem we all experience at some point in life, it doesn't sound like anything you can do to change, I think. That you are a diligent person and put in all the effort possible.
You deserve to take time off and indulge in yourself. Maybe set aside a day, do some leisure activities. Maybe read a book you've been meaning to, cook your favorite meal, take a bath, practice yoga, simply do nothing. The good news is, we all do.
Wow, I'm so sorry. I didn't realize. That is very long time. Is there any way you could ask if they would be able to get you some help with childcare? And have your parents accepted into a program they can get? That could be great help for them too.
There's just so much more freedom in being on your own, right? My fiancé we're planning to visit my parents in Russia so I had no idea she was married. The first thing I thought was that my parents are still getting drunk at the speed limit! Is that typical in Russia?
Really? After working on it, how long have you been practicing mindfulness and "no guilt" for you? What's the scale? 5 years or what? Have you found anything that has helped you live with guilt? Any successful coping techniques?
Okay. You mentioned you may be dealing with your own issues. Do you think you might need to give some time to some of your own issues? After I mentioned my problem, you said you are not dealing with it because it's what you're saying today.
Hello, how are you doing today? May I ask what I can help you with? What is on your mind today? I will be happy to listen and assist you. Just mention it. You can always talk about it. My relationship or problems that you are going through.
I'm sorry to hear that. Can you tell me what is going on? Is it due to COVID or is there something else? I can listen and help you if you need it. Can you share more about it? This is your private space. No judgment here.
i see, it sounds like you haven't heard much of you husband lately so you are feeling less if you don't get to talk to him, so you are feeling sad. how are you feeling right now? please try to tell me as much as you can about your feelings.
I can tell your very sad right now, but I know you are going to be fine. How are you working at the moment? Do you have a job? Or are you working as a freelancer? Can you tell me what you are working?
try to remember the good things you have achieved in your life right now. if you still remember your good time and try to go and celebrate with your friends and talk your relationship back then. that's the best and most peaceful for you now.
ok, and find a place to get the help with you try to do one out of these things like read books, listen to music, or do like work out, or meditate and do a yoga or do cat contest to out stress and depression, that always gets us out of this problem and
anyway if you think that you are from past or nothing means are your tomorrow that means are your yesterday its going to end so you move from past to future then tomorrow come then after you as you try new things and you see that it becomes like your present tomorrow come then after then past become present
you can play your favorite music play in your home come and dine in your home play video game or do what you want like your favorite movie or soap and now my lady play sing or dance it will make you happy try to do that and then you start your life back again and then your future will
Yes, definitely focus on future, don't forget past but don't dwell on that. focus on next and don't be sad about the past. If you be sad that's your property. just move ahead and try to do best with your life. try new things and make your self happy.
you should try to do that things that make you happy. start from small things and grow up in the time. You will be happy. That will solve your problem. never be sad. you can forget your past and move forward. always try to be happy. never let your past past you.
My sister left last year i think 6 months i forget :D and it took me 1 year to come back to normal after lost my friend that means i need 2 year too and dont worry you can do it :) don't worry that much about the past.
Want to make sure your self happy. Want to make your self happy. Try to find out what make you happy. How you can use those thing. try to do those thing make you happy. how you can make your self happy. how you can make your self happy.
Try to think of him as friend and not family but do not forget his name and give lot of time and talk and reach out to him etc. He is still living in there as your friend only. Don't be sad as he is still with you in your heart but not physically.
exercise is good for ur overall health try to get daily going into ur gym keep u busy and distracted from urself so ur mind keep busy. Try to finding ur self again and ur loved one again, I feel ur self again.
Yes and actually sometimes it gives us peace we can talk and joke and all this we can talk about. Friends can help us to know how to get over this pandemic. You should join some online group you feel better after meeting. All are in the same situation.
Try to join a virtual yoga class that you can do from home. Keep practicing and will help you feel better every day. That's what we can do right now, stay home and keep practicing, it will help you feel better soon. We have to keep safe, that's our main priority.
yes it will happen. this virus will not control you. Stay safe everyone can get vaccinated soon..it is a virus and it will kill us but only by chance because it will never come to us..we can avoid it..lock your house on and take each other as a hotel..ish.
Enjoy life :) find something that can bring you happy. May be art it :) :D, or cooking or jogging or playing guitar :) :) Try anything :) :) i know you can do it :) :) haha! :) :D LATentar it :) haha!
try to learn something new and share it on social media for others which will help you to make friends online or offline too. or have a nice activity with your friends like playing any board game. that's also helps a lot. Try it :) and your friend will give you tips.
yes definitely try for real! best of luck :) :) you will be successful in marriage :) have good health :)! :) best wishes to you!! :(! :) :)! :)! :).. :D :D :D :D :D.. :).. :) :) :) :)).. :D..
try to find good movie that can make you feel better like Harry and mum from dead since night, they awesome :) come on movie for a short time, no violence just feel good :) first do comedy then up.netflix/movie :D lol fun :) :)! :)!
try to watch things that you love and feel good. that helps a lot and helps you stay happy. take care. Continue fighting. rest so much and make sure you get enough sleep. stay safe and wish you all the best.
i can appreciate that :) Hope i was able to help you little bit :) Have a good day :) bye, bye. Goodbye. Bye. Goodbye. Goodbye. Goodbye. Goodbye. Goodbye. Goodbye. Goodbye. Goodbye. Goodbye. Goodbye.
yeah that sounds good you are really smart in suggesting that things might help and i think they might be right in your situation!! great work and thanks! :)!! Best of luck. :)!! Good night! :)!! love you. :)!! :)! :)!! :)!! Thanks. :)!! :)!
Thanks for sharing your feelings with me :) God bless! Have a good day! Thanks for this conversation :) :)! :) :) :) :) :)! :) :)!!! :) :)!! :)) :) :)) :)) :) :))! :) :) :)! :)) :))!
Thank you for speaking with me today :) I wish you all the best! ^_^ :D :) :) :) :) :)! :)!
thanks for sharing and I hope you will feel better soon :) Goodbye! :) :) You need to press quit button if it's not working in your side :) :) :) :) :)... sorry about this :) :) :) :)... it's not working :) :) :)... Sorry!
you can go now, thanks for sharing your problem with me! have a good night! bye!
bye! Take care!! Feel better soon :) Bye!!! why you want to quit? lol. sorry to be ask it.. help you :) I can do.. ok :D. Bye :).. :D :) :) :) :D :) :) :).. :).. :) :)..
Hi, how are you doing? I am sorry I'm late. Is there anything I can do for you today? Are you having a good day? Would you like to discuss your day? What would you like to talk about?
Oh wow I am so sorry. That's the worst way to end something. Why didn't you tell your mom or someone else? It seems like that's part of why your grief is so painful. Would you say you feel as if you don't know how to move on from this loss?
I know that this is really hard right now, but you are dealing with all the stress of a hard time too. I am sure you're trying to do as much as you can with your friendship.
I'm so sorry about your life, it sounds like you're being taken to the limit. Why don't you see if it will help to be close to them? Are you friends or do you just talk about your feelings? Friendship is truly the best support during a time like this.
If you feel like your kids are the light at the end of the tunnel, having a dog could help fill that void in your home and provide companionship for them. I've heard dogs really do that for people. Could this be the thing that helps make your kids feel less lonely?
That would be great to have him be a friend as well. Maybe you can use a petting zoo or play date online with him or to get you out and meet some new friends. A good idea. Good luck with this and I hope you find something that works for you.
I have three corgis, two of them are boy puppies. I love dogs and puppies. They make great companions. I am going to miss my corgis, but I will look forward to seeing them again soon. They will keep me company when I need it most.
Yes, I can tell you are so grateful for that. It sounds like you have a whole new relationship brewing! Congrats! I'm glad we could connect. I hope you find some joy. Anytime for a virtual coffee? I have a few calls lined up.
Sounds like you have all you need right here! Try not to be too disappointed with yourself. I always feel really guilty for not having kids, but they are with their own people. My wife and I met on the internet because of the kids, and now they're with their own kids!
It sounds like you've got a wonderful pet! Do you have any kids as well? Their happiness is wonderful! I know working from home is a great thing for us all. :) Maybe you could have a summer of home grown ice cream or popsicles for fun! Stay home, stay safe!
It's my pleasure! It sounds like you're being a good parent and taking care of yourself and your pets too! Good luck! I'm happy to be chatting with you! Is there anything else I can help you with? :). Have a wonderful day!
Have a wonderful holiday! Thanks for talking to me! :) Bye! Good Bye! *wink* :) Keep it safe and happy! Can't wait to meet my puppy soon!
That's a wonderful compliment, I feel the same way when I love on the things that make me happy. I have been feeling sad this season. What is making you sad? Please explain, it will help me understand better.
I am so sorry to hear that. It sounds like that may be a hard thing for you to overcome. I can understand your sadness and how sad you must feel in this situation. How long have you been in this relationship?
That is a great question. It is very hard when we can't express ourselves verbally. I understand that you're very sad about it too. Are there any friends that you trust or family members who you can reach out to? As long as they can hear?
I'm sorry that is difficult for you. Have you spoken with her parents or friends about it? Maybe you could have a conversation with one of them? Perhaps there's a way you could help her by telling her how you feel?
Ah I see. So you have a communication method, but you don't have the physical ability to give her the sign. Can I suggest an alternative? Maybe you could find a very good sign language tutor or someone that is deaf.
Wow, that's a tough way to go. But she is deaf, so maybe she won't understand it. Perhaps a family member could help? I am not sure. That all sounds incredibly difficult. I believe you are still a lovely person, despite everything.
That's what I'm saying. It is going to be hard to let go of the past. What do you suggest? Is there something for her to do to make things better? Perhaps a couples therapy session?
Ah I understand! I think in some ways it helps to keep things separate, you can form and relationship with someone while still having your ex? Are you able to hear her sometimes? Not all the time, of course, but would you want her to know that you can talk to her?
Ah, you have been dumped. That sounds nasty. Does this mean you are thinking of leaving your partner too? Not sure you've got the evidence to support the first one. You might be happier the second. You're in a very real trouble scenario.
Ah yes AIM and sex offenders are not rare. And I'm so very sorry you're going through this. Is there any relief in it for you? Sometimes there just isn't any. You can't make people love you. Some people simply don't deserve you.
Wow, he's enormous! And it's better to pass him the ball than give it to him in the paint. At least she got to experience the WNBA with her ex in it. At least. Just kidding, she probably had to deal with his whole crap on the court as well.
Justin Bieber is a pretty interesting name for a guy. Where did you meet her? Was it a party or a pretty spot? Is she around 25 or 30? Maybe 20 and in college?
oh my gosh I am a little proud of you for talking about that. That is quite a feat. I would be worried that people would not understand my pain. No one would have ever spoken up about yours. Thank you for talking to me about this.
There are actually a few places where you can go to get them removed if you need to, free of charge. It may take a few visits. I am not a doctor but I would seek medical help if my hands became infected. He always seems to be talking about this too.
and I was very seriously bruised but did fine. Was that a long time ago? I feel like I have gained a lot of years since then. Do you remember why you had the accident? Have you gone back to work since then?
Enjoy your rest of the week!
You need to press that button. Thank you!
your safe from now on, hahahaha! :) Sorry! I think it is that one limit of mine :) :D :) the other was full :) So I can ask you 3 more :D :D! :) :)! :) :D :D :D!
Are you having trouble with him or with yourself? Are you having trouble in a relationship? What did he do? I am sorry for being so distant I have been having trouble communicating with you and you can be hurt and frustrated with me. Is there anything specific I can do to help?
what made it happen? or are you sure she broke it? that sounds pretty bad. you sound really upset. do you have someone that you can talk to about this? or can you please elaborate? your comment seems pretty rough. I really care about you. I hope everything is okay.
can you talk to any family or friends about this? it sounds like something got taken out of context. I hope she wasn't trying to be rude to you. Is that possible? Or was there a misunderstanding that will never be resolved? could you talk it out? maybe go for a walk?
It is common to feel that way. It sounds like you are making the wrong assumption. If you weren't doing things right, that doesn't mean the relationship was perfect. Just a thought! Would you like to continue talking about this? I'm here to listen!
It sounds like you are really feeling that you should be able to move on and forget her but you can't because the good memories just seem to hurt you more. Is that right? aren't we all really sorry that someone broke up with us? Or this is a special kind of pain?
Do you think you can see her again in the future? Or at least try to be friends? It might help to end that one-sided relationship if you can't break up with her. Or it might be better to hang out with friends who you do know how to let down easily.
Take down pictures or dig out those old memories, it helped me too. Also, for me, it was helpful to write down feelings of sadness and grief, it helps a lot. But you can make time for those feelings or all go out!
To me it's hard to be more than you already are! You need to find a solution that works for you, even if it's more difficult. Sometimes it takes a little time! But I believe in you! You can do this! You've done it before!
You're welcome! You are feeling better now. It's nice that you have a plan, I hope you have a good trip! It's an excuse to get out and enjoy life without your ex.
Maybe you can start planning! Have you ever thought of traveling to anywhere specific? What you might do on a trip will help you think more about you and move forward from that. Do you have any other ideas? :) I am hoping that I was able to be helpful!
You're most welcome! Remember to be patient with yourself, because taking time to feel grieves is good. It is a process, and you shouldn't rush it. I'm so happy you reached out and talking! That means a lot! :) Can I help with anything else?
Do you have a cause of that anxiety? Where are you feeling anxious about? We must start to get to the bottom of why you are feeling anxious. We can do this together. I love working through what is causing anxiety. We will work through it together.
I am very sorry to hear that. I can understand that you are feeling anxious about what to do next. Is there anything I can do to help you today? maybe give you a guiding point of view on what to do? or where to go from here?
When did your wife get laid off? Do you think she will get furloughed? Any good ways to locate her job? Sometimes companies rehire the jobs they did previously. Have you tried that? There is nothing to lose at this point but you still have options.
Your current employer laying off 20% of the workforce is not good business. How have you been coping with the loss of income? I recently lost a lot as well. It has also affected my family due to the income that they earned. Would you like some tips on coping?
Could you just talk to your boss about it? Being laid off or being furloughed is really tough, you're having a very hard time, try to get some company support. Not to get ahead, but some folks are more gentle with employees than others. Does that make sense?
Perhaps finding some kinda assistance program to get financial help for you and your wife? Like food bank programs or temp assistance. As I just mentioned. Or other ones like that? I'm in my third year of wwooking with Uber and it has really helped me out.
So you feel like you have limited choices? And even if so, what can you do about it? I've had similar feelings, and I learned to meditate daily. It helps reduce that feeling of anxiety. I find it really helps. Have you tried that?
Meditation can definitely be used to help with anxiety and relaxation. Sometimes it works for me. Is that something you would try? I definitely think it can be helpful in the short term, even if it's not a cure for anxiety. There are other things I have found help with.
There are products and apps like Calm that help people with these types of issues. It can help reduce tension and anxiety levels and isn't something you have to stop using even if you find an answer. They could definitely help you out! Sometimes that's the most important thing.
Of course! You're very welcome. Have a wonderful evening! :)! :).! :)! :)! :). :)! :)! :). :)! :)! :). :)! :)))! :)! :))! :)! :). :)! :)! :). :) :)!
Have a great rest of your day! :) All my best! Best regards from your end. :) ~ Would you be okay with pressing quit to end this now? But I need to do my end and will be about a minute! Your help is needed in 1 minute. :) May I?
You're welcome! I hope this helped! Take care! :) Other than that, I'm here for you! Soaking up the pandemic fog and away you go! :) :) :) :) Hope you have a better week! :) :) :) :) :) You're doing well!
Hello! How are you doing today? And what's on your mind? I'm happy to listen! :) Would you like to talk about anything in particular? Maybe I can be a sounding board? :) how can I help you? Thank you for letting me know!
I'm sorry that's very hard. Have you tried to get closer with family like a sister or brother? I have stayed in contact with friends all these years and it really helps. I can totally understand the low energy that you are feeling. It's ok to ask for help!
I understand that, that must feel bad especially since they are high risk and that is why you are trying to do things differently. Have you tried to talk to your friends about this? Maybe there's something that you can do together while staying safe?
I can understand that being the only one putting in effort could be very hard at times. Do you think it is possible that this is more of a situation of a friendship issue rather than a person issue? We can't know for sure without talking to your friends.
It's a difficult situation, but I hope that you will find that you can still be friends with your friends even if they are not as close to you as you used to be. Do you think that is something you can manage?
It sounds like you would like to be the one to make an effort and take action. If you can find other places to make connections or other groups where you can meet new people then you won't be alone. I think that is a great point. You are not alone in all this.
I do understand how you are feeling. I also feel left out, even when I am thinking about things that are happening. I made a friend through a mental health organization where I went and I haven't been able to come close to seeing these other people.
It is hard to find people that you can relate to, I am sorry. But if you are not enjoying your life right now with your own family and other people that you care about, is it worth changing your situation? I have never had that option since I don't have a spouse.
Have you seen any Facebook groups that are for people in your area that share your interests? Maybe someone is looking for friends to play hockey with. I find that it is easier to find friends when there is another person with the same interests as you and they seem to know what to expect.
I completely understand about the cold and mask but in the summer you can play in the park and enjoy the nice weather. I am not looking for any sort of contract or rent to play but that is a possibility in the future. Some people like going to the park and playing a little hockey.
You are most welcome and take care of yourself! It sounds like you have a lot of great ideas! Do you have any other questions about how to be social, considering your health? For example, is there something else that you could do to get involved with your friends in the meantime?
Good luck with finding your book club! You are most welcome. Have a great day.
oh yeah that's so sweet of you but honestly I can't tell. Merry Christmas (or happy holidays) you as well! Bye. 😊. *click, or you can quit, right? 😉 😊 😉 I had to as I have to reply to your last message.
(please leave the message form) you would need to press the end button and my end button and tell me if it works. Thank you :) You as well! (please leave the question form) :( You have to press it from your end.
How are you today? Do you need to talk? I can be your confidant! :) Please share. My eyes and ears are open for anything that can help. I am listening. Want to share? :) You seem stressed so I have no idea what the reason is.
What seems to be bothering you today? Is there a specific issue you'd like to talk about? I am all ears. Right now? Is that important? Anywhere you'd like to talk? How can I help?
That's a hard thing to deal with. Have you had any problems with jobs or situations like that? Or is it depression from things that have happened recently? I am happy to listen and talk about any issues you are facing! that helped me in the past!
You've been through a traumatic experience. How long ago did this occur? I have been there too. It's a tough road to get through. I would recommend talking to a professional counselor who can help you work through your anger and trauma. That's what they are there for.
You are still the same strong and caring person that you were before the rape. People heal at their own pace! You deserve your time back. What was the treatment like? None or was there a conversation about counseling? Or taking things like EMT or these other things?
Are you seeing a therapist? They could help you explore this. Many may think this is just a memory but that's often not the case and they can provide support and make adjustments. Being with the same person again could indeed change you.
I also encouraged him to do the same and it actually turned out that they were very compatible. Is it possible that you could consider a similar approach? It may help you find closure and be comfortable again with your self.
Do you feel the same way about your partner? Do you have any idea if your partner would care if you were hurt this way? Would you share your feelings? Do you have any strategies to help move back into a sexual relationship? That may help you both move forward.
Have you tried to have an open and honest conversation with your partner? If he seems willing to listen and understand you, that's a good sign to me. Make sure you both take your time with each other, seeing where things go and in good time.
Is there anything else I can help with today? Something you would like to discuss further? I'm here to listen. Take care. Have a good day!
Have a wonderful day. It was nice talking to you. Thanks for being here! :) Are you ready to stop yet? :) Your survey is currently running. There is no way to end it before you're completely finished. No problem! :) press quit and the survey end on your end!
I am doing good! Is there anything you would like to talk about? Possibly your favorite hobby? I want to help you anytime you need it. Any situation you would like to talk about? I am here for you. :) I see you ask me what my favorite hobby is?
You mean in any particular way? Its war a habit for you, right? To cope with stress? I can see. I know it's hard, but its not hard all the time. It'll get easier. You just gotta be patient and try your best.
Of course this is a good opportunity for you to let your feelings out. I know you are in charge of young people, and it is a heavy task. It seems to you that it's stressful and exhausting. Are you having any issues at work due to this?
Yeah, I can understand that feeling. COVID has made everyone in our family feel isolated. You're doing the right thing. You are so brave to be working hard in the first place. You should be proud of yourself.
I know this sounds really negative. I have been feeling "stuck" in my life before. I can see that you are struggling a lot but I don't see you as "fail" just the challenges are overwhelming at the moment.
Hello there! It sounds like you're having a lot of negative emotions and feelings about yourself. I am definitely not in that shoes of course, but I can tell you that it's completely understandable to feel this way given the progression of cancer and the emotional rollercoaster that you've been on.
You are welcome! I feel like you can do the things you set out to do! Don't let others dictate your future. I believe that you can beat all of these things that are being thrown at you and lead the way in the world with your very talents! Have a great night!
If you are having troubles, please talk about them. You have all that heart and you are not alone. Thank you for your visit and know that you are important too. Have a great night.
Hello, how are you? What can I help you with today?? Can I give you a free talk? Have you something to share? I am here to listen., or more of a sharing exercise? :) I am here to help. Can I start??
Oh I see... why are you feeling emotional? There is something on your mind? Or is it just life? Just me explaining how I am feeling? I just want to make sure you are okay! Please tell me, is there a particular reason you are feeling like this?
Is there a specific reason for feeling emotional today? I am here to listen if that's okay. What does this make you feel like? Maybe we can figure out a way to get you feeling a little better. I understand it is very difficult for you at this point.
I'm sorry to hear that. You shouldn't be sad though. You have a lot of potential! I am sure you will get the job you are looking for! What are you looking for in a job?
Have you checked out local job centers? Sometimes they provide resources to help you find a job. I know it can be stressful trying to find a job, but sometimes local job centers are able to connect you with someone in your desired field! I know you can find a job!
Ouch. That is a tough situation to be in. Do you know of any companies out there that can help? Maybe a support group to help you cope? Maybe you can reach out to a union to get support?
There are more people working online than ever, if that's something you have experience with. There's a lot of flexibility with that type of job. I'd look into things like companies that work online jobs like Amazon's or UberEats!
Have you tried talking to a recruiter about working for them? I know from my past that they can make a difference. Have you tried out to join a service where you meet new people? As I know we are going through the same thing this year.
Would you consider working more for Mturk or your current jobs? Or maybe freelancing on your own? That would provide more variety for you! Just an idea! :) Do you have any friends who work in a field you would like? Maybe you could confide to them?
Have you talked to your boss about the situation? With a pandemic, there are likely a lot of competing demands. So my suggestion would be to reach out and try to appeal the decision! You know as well as I do that jobs are competitive! Expect it! Whining isn't helping!
I love kids! Just be sure that you're taking any that you are living with and that you have a safe place to rest in at night. Is your daughter helping with your rent or looking for other jobs? That will depend on them and their working situations!
I completely understand that. You are free to look for another job in the meantime and are doing a great job that's not related to your occupation. Have you found other online work? I know there are quite a few companies out there that hire... Let me give you a few ideas!
I know it is tough and I'm not here to make you feel hopeless. I wish you the best of luck in trying to find a new place to live! If you need anything else, feel free to ask. Thanks for sharing. :) Have a good day!
I also kept hoping that something would change, even though I was worried about losing my job. Sometimes it can take a while, but the most important thing is you stay optimistic. Thank you for sharing your thoughts! I wish you the best of luck.
It was nice chatting with you. I hope you feel a little better after the conversation. Take care and good luck! :))Happy Holidays! :) Come back if you need anything else. Bye!
I understand, would you like to talk about it? Is there a reason you are having trouble sleeping? What have you been doing this week? Would you like to talk about it? I have been having the same trouble this week.
Have you been facing any issues since the COVID - 19 pandemic? Some people have been having difficulty with anxiety, sleep, etc. during this pandemic. I am worried about your health. Would you like to go ahead and tell me your problems? And if so, which ones?
Sounds like there are days where you can't keep yourself safe, and that is truly concerning, I can imagine you'd be concerned about other people as well, I think it is necessary to talk to people you know who are very supportive.
Would you like to talk about your fears? What problems have you experienced recently? I am very interested to hear about. As long as you are willing to share, it seems to me that there must be something you are afraid of.
I have not spoken to anyone about my condition. It is a very personal and stressful issue. Do you have anyone you feel you can be open to speaking with? I think you need support, do you think? It might be worth going to a mental health professional for you?
It seems you are not alone in this. I am sorry. I hope you feel a little better. Could you tell me what was the cause of your insecurity? I am unable to help without knowing why.
I am a small cat person! I think a cat could be very comforting and give you a sense of companionship. You could try with fish, too. Perhaps you could get two? I love my little fish, a tiny blue guppy, he is a real loyal friend.
I'm very glad I could understand you and your situation. Best of luck. Enjoy your day. Is there anything else I can do? Perhaps a rating? I've always like to give 5 and 1 because they really help people like you! :) :) :)! :) :) :)!
I really appreciate that. I know that you have a lot of love for pets. In a long run you will be relieved from problems. I feel the same way! I will be much happier as soon as a good service comes to your city. I bet you can find it quickly.
There is one other animal not people that could help soothe you. A fish is also a natural stress reliever for humans. I have one myself. Since I usually am busy with a workout and study and maintaining a clean environment. That can be another stress releaser.
It is good that you are thinking how to improve your sleep and finding solutions to bring peace to your life. I wish you success. Thank you. I will do my best. Believe in yourself. You are strong. I believe in you. Good night. Take care!
I do not have any other ideas. I know how upsetting this disrbance can be but I believe it may be a sign of something else. Hopefully, that everything will go back to normal and you will be more at ease. Good luck with your new friend.
An online friend to chat with may help if it provides a distraction or conversation partner that you are able to imagine with, but the real benefit of that will be in your sleep. Which I think you will have more of at this time. I am sure.
You are welcome. I hope to see you again soon. Can you do me a favor and let your friend know how I can make you feel better? This way, you will know that you have been on your right track. Do you think you can ask my friend for advice?
Well, it seems that you are having a lot of trouble sleeping. That has allowed us to have a conversation and brainstorm ways to solve this issue. I am very glad!
I see. Have you been feeling this way for a long time or was this a recent change? Does it tend to feel all the time or only some days? Is there anything specific that has caused this or is it just feeling is not good enough? When did this start?
Oh dear. That's awful. Have you been able to find any work through the new year? Perhaps a promotion or something to change the job situation? Or are you still out of work? I have heard that the UK unemployment rate has gone up in recent years.
We are certainly not alone in this, and we are here to support you! What is your main reason for coming to therapy today? Anything in particular that you wanted to get off your chest? Only too share, and you are more than welcome to! I'm here!
Not at all, though! Have you tried yoga or other forms of exercise? Sometimes the best way to deal with depression is just to get moving. Do you have any hobbies that you enjoy? Perhaps there are others that you could take up! I personally find playing the piano really helpful!
And in what year will all that be a reality? Next year, I'm not so sure, it seems like things are so much more complicated! But a start's a start, and nothing helps right away! Okay, that's a good place to start.
And what about 2? You don't even have to take any action there. Just think maybe you could make a new year's resolution just to try a new hobby? Is that too hard? Have you tried yoga? It can be lovely and it's free!
Yes, I have done some sort of exercise class... hopefully I am doing them now... I was trying to do burpees in 2020. Although it's no use if I have stopped now that the pandemic is over. Cheers.
Well, one thing that I find is really fun to do is go to a tea room or similar. You can have a nice cup of tea and listen to the chaps or girls who are there. It's a lovely way to take your mind off things, really. Do you like tea?
You're not making it easy for yourself then. But maybe you could get a bird. Well, now I am having a brief thought, a bird does not cost anything and it is a good life!
Ah I am so sorry that's a terrible time to be feeling down - do you think there is anything else that you could do to stay strong? Perhaps writing a letter to a friend, for example? I hear that this is a really good way to really get your feelings off your chest!
You're doing very well. There are a lot of people out there like that - stuck with us and who needs anything from us. We all need help sometimes and can't always go to the right places for it.
Have you tried online forums? There are many out there for new residents, or people that have moved in. You can join and ask your questions. There is nothing worse than moving into a house without any idea of who might live next door. Let me think about it!
Oh amazing! I have been thinking of doing something for the charity that gives me a food supply - maybe distribute some leaflets about where to get food when it's cold? I've been a bit to scared of that but I know I could do something useful.
How long have you been out of work? That would really affect how long you can volunteer though. A lot of things take a long time to sort out. Maybe you could use some job hunting days or days when you could do the sort of work you want to do?
Of course! Thank you! Have a lovely rest of the evening. You as well. Bye. :) 😊 Goodbye! 👍 😊 Nice talking to you! 👍 👋!
that's good. I am doing good, how can I help you? what's wrong? :D. are you in need of any suggestions? Okay I am here! :D. I can talk all about. :D. You can tell me how's your day?! :).
how are you today? why are you looking back on past times and why are you having these feelings of regret? ;do you want to talk about it? I am here to listen if you want to say so. or do you not want to.
Can you discuss what is in your contract of employment that are causing the issue so you don't have to fight it with your husband. maybe you are in breach of contract that is why they are not paying you or he is. have you tried to file a police report.
what are your reasons for losing the job? did you quit yourself? or were they closing your business? and why do you think your husband is not helping with the house? or the kids?
its important to fight the good fight of being strong and being there for the children. he does not seem to be aware of that. we have to believe in him, but he must believe in us. do you think he could learn to help out?
does he say you are saying nasty things about him or is that a fact? my whole family gets into a fight even when its not worth it. Do you want me to be honest with you maybe you are the problem? or maybe you are feeling trapped and angry at him?
its especially hard as the kids are so young. Do you know how old they are? Is that 8 and 10 and 11? They may be starting to get it from him too. Maybe start teaching them about the problems that involve you. Some kids can pick up on it quickly.
Maybe your children have been reading the articles and have some basic understanding of the situation. Also i see that your toddler could be a voice in this. They usually respond to kids. Are you sure you havent already done this? Maybe show them a video on social media?
I would try to communicate with your toddler about your husband's behavior. maybe your toddler can tell you that your husband was playing games when you had a fight, and that it makes you mad.
can you get a co pay from your employer? its a mental health requirement so they pay part of the cost? if not your out of luck, but the down side is that their insurance will pay a portion too. Can you search for housing assistance?
Honey i think you should do that. Trying to find a job is the first thing you need to do.
ask him if he will take the kids out with you or leave you with them. Try to see if he will or not. The more your husband will work out a compromise with you, the better.
try to stay calm and peaceful during the discussions and hear him out for a while. If he is having an attack or yelling, try not to get involved. Stay a little off to the side and just not to get into it, let him get it out of his chest.
It is good that you are trying to get help. Can you talk to your husband about this? Maybe you should not take your kids out of school yet. That is important in the school year. Go back home and try to take care of yourself.
There is no need to apologize. You are doing the best you can with the situations you are facing. Good luck to you and your kids! I hope that things improve in your situation. I think you will. Hugs and best wishes for the rest of the year! :) Merry Christmas!
Any other issues you would like to discuss? or any other questions? i am here to help. :) thanks for chatting. Good Bye!
I'm sorry to hear that, why don't you tell me what happened? Why aren't you feeling well? What's going on? Can I help? Do you feel anxious? Can you explain? I'm here to listen. What makes you feel this way?
Is there anything I can help you with today? I want to make sure I help you! What is going on? Would you like to talk about it? I am here to listen. How are you feeling? Would you like to discuss what's making you not feel well?
Would you like to tell me what's going on? I'm here to listen if you'd like to be more specific. Are you feeling poorly for a day or a week? So sorry to hear that.
I think the best thing to do is to reach out to a trusted friend or family member and speak with them about how you are feeling. Try to put yourself into their perspective and you may find that they can give you a different way of looking at the situation.
I try to move to find the endorphins it helps to keep me going. Have you tried moving? I find it helps to take my mind off of things. I am glad you are willing to talk about this a bit!
Are you staying in your current job or are you looking for something new? I have heard the pandemic has really disrupted jobs in the past year so if you are in need of a job right now job searching is a good idea.
The pandemic, good or bad? What aspect of it do you think your stuck on? Job you think is stuck? hope for the future? meh? Latest personal? best friend? Once you get into specific details, we can talk more about that!
I know that is scary, what will you do? Maybe look into a job for a temp or volunteering for now until you can find something better. It makes a big difference in reducing stress. Do you want any help with a resume or a cover letter or searching for jobs?
Ok i understand now. If you were me I think you would start with looking at resume's. Here is a list of websites to get you started. MyImportantDate.com and Indeed.com. What do you feel is most important to you. What can you do in the next week?
I think that would be great and its also saved you from a whole lot of traffic not having to deal with it at all. You should start looking and talk to your employer about it. Maybe give them an idea of your skills. They might not realize how much you have to offer.
It sounds like you are dealing with a lot of debt but it is nice that you are working on yourself first too that's wonderful! Has your career progressed? Or are you still in school? Either way its nice that you are taking care of yourself first.
I think it will help you get a career in a shorter amount of time. You could still take all the courses you wanted and still have debt more manageable. There are several programs you can take online or as a in person. I would definitely look into some of them.
Best of luck in your college search always stay positive. It was great talking to you and I know you will do great! Take care! :) and stay inside because the toilet paper will run out soon haha.. ;) :) :)! How are you feeling now?
If you have a chat with a financial advisor they might be able to help you too. Not to worry about loans you will find something to take your mind off of it. They can help you pick things to make you happy rather than worrying about money.
It could happen to you. We need to be honest with ourselves and work out what we can and what we cannot afford. It may be a partial loan and some only one-time payment. You are right, it could be down the line but it is not to be stressed about.
I personally spoke to my congressman on both sides and he suggested that. He would pay our loans temporarily until we are done. Let me know how that goes, is it working for you? I would like to hear the positive news for me :). There is always a way.
I would also maybe seek some kind of mental health services if needed. That would be a really good thing to do. Can you give me a few contact numbers? maybe therapist or something? Any good?
Thank you keep me safe in these difficult times! You have to stay positive and not lose your mind with all these COVID cases! We all need to stay strong together! We may be apart but our hearts are still in the same place! ;) Thank you! Have a nice evening!
You're most welcome all the best for a safe Holidays season! :) have a great day! :)! :)! :)! :)! :)! :) :)! :)! :)! :)! :)! :D! :D! :D! :D! :D! :D!
goodbye! It's so easy, press quit then take the survey and give the survey from your end...
bye! :)opause effort completion :) can take a few more but i can give you feedback :) :) :) best you can do :) :) :) :) :)...Talk with me :) :) :) :)...take a deep breath.. slow down and take it easy.. stay hydrated.. easy drinking.. Hot soup..
What would you like to talk about? What's making you sad? I am here to listen! Tell me. :) } ) :) Sit down! You seem really distressed. Can you explain? I love listening to people tell me their feelings! Bring it on! : ) Great!
Why did you feel that way? Can you tell me more about the circumstances? I want to hear all of it. We can work this out together. I think you would feel more better if you talk about it.
I have had my share of cheating, also. But I can give you some advice and reassurance. I know how bad you are feeling. Can you ask yourself why you felt the need to trust him again?
Has your relationship been going on for a long time? I can understand how hard that is to overcome. That feels like a really long time. I feel your emotions, and I am so sorry that you went through that. Does your partner know that he is cheating? Was there any indication?
Was there something specific that made him break up with you? I bet it was a shock to your system. You deserve better than someone who lied to you. Have you been able to talk to anyone else about how you felt? Someone you trust? Another friend? A family member?
I think he has let himself down, and that he is not the one to blame. You are not so bad either for choosing to break up with him. It was your choice. You can never go back. Just be honest with yourself. You were wrong to trust him.
I would totally let him do the white coat ceremony right now. Do you have any close friends or family you could talk to about that? Sometimes it helps to talk to someone who cares about you. Can you text someone to support you? That might help your feel better.
Do you have any other hobbies or interests besides working? I have a lot of hobbies I enjoy :) And spending time with good people usually does the trick for me! Have you tried exercising or doing anything you love? Maybe you have enough energy and enthusiasm to just take your time?
That makes it even more personal. I can understand why that would be hard. Perhaps we can do this virtually so we can't encounter any more problems? There is a lot of great information out there that we can use to make ourselves stronger.
I'm sure it doesn't feel like he is sorry. Did you go to school? What were you working on? Did you have a good job? Was there a family? The hospitals are probably very competitive. How did he act when you told him? Was there any kind of reaction?
Do you feel that you would need to talk to him if he were to feel sorry? Sometimes people are really unsure of themselves. Am I right? Are you unsure that he will feel sorry if he talks to you again? Sorry that he's doing this to you.
Oh no, do you still get in touch with him? Have you talked about it? Sometimes, I thought people were sorry, but I am pretty sure they never do. It does help to know that. I would want that for myself too. I guess we all need closure sometimes.
Of course. It is healthy to cry. Have you talked to anyone about this? Maybe someone else in your life? Do you think you can do it? Is it worth it? Do you feel like you have a chance to reach him? I see you are depressed.
So what you think? So he is interested in you and this picture would trigger all that and how does that make you feel? Do you feel sad or depressed? Have you ever thought that maybe he is really interested in you?
I see. That makes sense. I also like to clean my bathroom. It helps me focus and gets me out of the stuck state. If you choose a healthy coping mechanism, you'll get through this. These things happen, and you'll find you're stronger than this.
Since you've found that each day is different, just wait a little bit for things to calm down. It takes time to rebuild trust in someone. I recommend setting limits on what you're discussing with him and make sure you're not being manipulative to a point where he becomes even more distant.
That's my mantra to me: keep moving forward. You got this! What happens if he comes back and can't stop this? I hope you don't have any regrets about how you've chosen to move forward. You chose to put yourself first.
And you know what they say... "you can't change what doesn't make you act crazy!" It's time for him to act in your own best interest. But it takes courage! You have that! I know you! I believe in you! You'll get through this!
Yes of course! Good luck and take care! Have a great day! Now you can go and enjoy life! Hope everything goes well for you! Thanks! :)!! :) :) :) :)!!! :)! :) :!! :) :) :)! :) : : :) :!
Hello there! How are you? My name is Emily. How may I assist you today? The Friendship this week has been very tough on me and I wish to speak to you about it. Is that alright with you? I am very happy to give you a chat if you need to.
Why? I am here to help if you'd like to tell me your situation. Can you try to explain it to me? How do you feel when it comes to being better? It is me you are having a conversation with, right? Can I share a little bit with you?
I can definitely understand the intense pressure you are facing, but I know you will be able to get through this, I know it is just a matter of time, as you seem to have a strong work ethic and determination.
First of all, listen to your heart. Do you feel that you can keep up the project? Well if you don't feel that way, perhaps you need to take a step back. Do you feel like you can start by consulting with your manager and looking for a long term solution?
I agree with you! Give it a try. Remember that it's an effort to succeed, but most people make it and feel the satisfaction when they get things done. I know you can! Seriously! You are strong and capable. Have faith in yourself! You got this!
I understand and it can be hard to prioritize, especially when life is full of change. But once you start checking them off and feeling a sense of accomplishment, you will get into the positive cycle that you're in now. Good luck. It's a good start!
After checking one thing off your list, I personally use both email and a schedule to stay on top of tasks. It helps me think of the bigger picture. I truly believe that, it definitely will.
Or, try a cake cutter, slice of your cake is your reward. Or perhaps if you're a coffee drinker, pour a cup of coffee or tea in the middle, and take a break. For me, a picture per day's task. And another tool.
Anytime! I wish you a great day! Have a nice evening!
you are so welcome! They may not be all sun and rainbows now. I am all ears! Believe me, doing this has helped a lot of people! You are doing great! It is a difficult time, but there are also many very good things happening in the world.
I have. Wear light pajaras, normalize the social media landscape to out-of-date information, get creative, find productivity tools to stream, watch you tube, and remove personal attachments on LinkedIn. Working smart not hard seems to work pretty well for me and I think it would work for you!
Good, thank you! I'm doing well. How are you doing today? could you help me with anything? Anyone I can ask about? I feel like I'm stuck. What I am needing is to talk and get advice from someone.
I'm sorry to hear that. It's been a challenging year. I had a similar situation with a pandemic happening on our side, but we've learned from it. I hope you are finding ways to cope with the situation. Is there anything I can help you with?
I was doing lots of chores and laundry. But sometimes I've really tired myself out from doing too much. How about you? What do you do? Maybe we can find something in the meantime that you can do to relax. Maybe taking a bath? Doing some yoga or anything like that?
I know this is not good for you. It might be beneficial to see a mental health professional about this. Sometimes it helps not to work from home. Have you talked to any friends about your situation? Maybe you can get them to keep an eye on you? Are you working out right now?
I agree, it does help. It's been tough to get out into crowds, but I do try to get out of my house and get going out into the blocks. Just walking and doing stuff I enjoy helps. I think if we were in a normal setting, it would help a lot.
All it needs to do is end and I know you will be able to enjoy your evenings and socialize a bit more now. Any plans for celebrating or enjoying a social event? or do you have ideas for how you want to spending your time? haha.
Well that's great you are running daily! That helps you stay active and focused and trying to get better also. You are definitely going to get through this! That stuff will come though! Have you ever considered talking to anyone in your workplace?
That's good, it does take courage. Have you considered that it might be normal in some ways but in another it's not and that some day things might not be normal anymore? Sometimes that is something we can't control, but looking ahead for a potential future makes us stronger and more prepared.
Is the social media thing helping? Or have you found a virtual hangout group? That could help a lot. Maybe there are other local groups or clubs as well? There's always some kind of thing out there somewhere. That's what the city folks say.
Are you friends who you usually would hang out with? If so, is there anyone you think might want to catch up on that is close to you? Even if it's just a phone call or some messages if you feel like that is something your friend could handle.
Video chatting seems to be a good way to reestablish contact with friends. Did you have any other ideas?
Is it possible to give it a try? Maybe you are just not seeing your friends enough or they are going through something and you missed it. Is it possible to try that? You always gotta respond and show your face. For now, your safety is more important.
It might help to keep something to distance you and also if you're stressed about the homework your kids have, you might feel better if you were to communicate with them while doing something outside that you can control. Are you able to do that with your kid?
It sounds like you have a great understanding of your emotions and stressors that help you get through the situation. I think its great that you and your kid are working on this together and making time for the dog. I can't be any more supportive of you and your family!
Great thanks. You're welcome! Hope that helped a bit. I'm glad I could help. If you ever need anything else in the future, don't hesitate to reach out. Happy holidays!
You are very welcome. Have a great day! Bye. Take care. :) EXESpressed (I know you did from your end, just so I can leave you your free retraction and feedback :) :) hope it helps!
I am doing well, thank you. How may I help you today? Is there something specific you would like to discuss? I am here to listen and understand what is on your mind. It sounds like you have an opportunity to help someone else today.
What is it that you want to talk about? I will do my best to support you. I am here to listen. How may I start? Well, you're doing great. You're expressing better. Can you tell me more about what is bothering you? Some questions.
I know that you can achieve your goal. You just need to be focused on the path. If you feel frustrated and nervous, a thought together we can identify the cause and what you can do to overcome the difficulties.
No, I have not. But I can provide you a little advice to help you achieve your goal. Please share with me your issue. I will try my best to help you. :) Do you feel ready? I am here to help you. :D.
That is a great goal, but what exactly is your last experience? Maybe we can find out from there. I feel that you need motivate and support when working. So that you won't be worrying about being fearful and laid off. Anything else you want to share?
Wow!! you do that perfectly. You work so hard. That's how you must succeed in life. Do you have any plan for breaking the challenge? I have done that when I face this phase.
You are so right. Family is greatest motivator of any person. They always care for you. So don't worry about anything, just sleep soundly. I am sure you will get better. Cheers! Keep working hard. See you through this phase.
Yes, of course, I am married and have a son, for me it is not very challenging. I can work hard and they take care of me. I support all of them as well. And still, I put my work on top of everything.
Good thing that I am here to help you with your problems. I pray that you will find the solution of problems you are facing and this will make you stronger. I have faith on you. You will be fine. Good luck! :) I wish you all the best in future.
Thanks and enjoy your day. Please take any time for your appology. Good bye!
Sometimes I think we tend to overlook our boundaries or we don't take care of ourselves because we are asked to do too much. How long has this been going on? And how are you working to manage your workload? Does that work for you?
Why don’t you try asking yourself how you can do better, and how do you feel if you could communicate your needs to your line manager? It might just help a bit. By communication, you can help yourself and also your line manager.
Have you received any bonuses or Christmas money? Can you apply it to your needs? That could solve your problems for this holiday season. All of us in this world are required to go through life changes! Life will be different from today! You can learn to cope with it.
It might not be your job that you feel can be replaced. You have skills that someone else might have. Have you considered filing for unemployment? It is a risky option, but it could help you survive for a little while.
I see that you are motivated, so maybe you should start taking some advice. Look for something to make you laugh. So if you enjoy watching movies or something else, maybe you could look for jobs to do that so that you can change your view. Does that sound appealing?
Yes, they have to be competitive. Do you get any compensation from the other job? Maybe some benefits? The pandemic has really made life difficult for everyone. If not, there are govthelp schemes for the unemployed in many countries, give it a try.
Absolutely it's a problem and I've seen it with my own family. They work in an office, feel the same. They work too! You're right to not be self conscious. One thing I've always found helpful is talking to others who are in a similar position.
What's holding you back from leaving the company? Are you afraid your boss will think you're useless? Perhaps you could look into other areas in the company? Are you dissatisfied with the pay? You might be able to increase your salary. Are you dissatisfied with your job?
But yes, please don't let it get to the point where it negatively impacts your overall well-being. We should all prioritize our well-being here. Your mental health is far more important! They are just coworkers. Hopefully, you will find a better job. You are a hard worker!
It sounds like you are dealing with stress at work. Do you have a manager who can help you? You shouldn't be dealing with stress at work. Most of us know the system, if there is something wrong with the system, there should be a way to fix it.
A 14 hour work week is a lot. Have you thought about hiring someone to help you out? A small office manager? It would help. Maybe add a break room and cooking station where you can take a break at lunch. And if you play a game, set a game time.
What do you do for work? How much money do you have? Is there something in your work? Do you know someone in your work? Ahh there are a lot of things! Just one thing. Think. I am here to help! Ok? :) It's free.
Have you tried other ways of asserting yourself? There are lots of websites and books online that offer different ways of setting boundaries. Maybe they have something else they can recommend? Maybe they can offer some advice on how to work better in an office.
So you are saying that the managers take all your arguments to heart and refuse to listen? Do you think there's anyone else on the team who might have heard your side of the story? There are always more listeners out there than you think!
To start you on the path to success, there is a need to present yourself to those in power. How do you plan to do that? Do you have a strategy? Do you think you have a way to bring your issues to the attention of the people who are in charge?
I'm great. Thank you for asking! How about you? Is there anything going on in your life that you'd like to talk about? No pressure to do anything, just be open and let the conversation flow! Is there a particular thing you're struggling with?
Have you talked to your friends about it? Perhaps you could start with them and tell them how their actions have made you feel. I have had issues with people making fun of me as well. Maybe you could start off with a friend. I have some friends that i can suggest.
I understand. People are more likely to make fun of you when they have no control over you. Have you tried your best to avoid them? Have you done anything else to help yourself get out of the situation? There may be help out there if people only knew about you.
That is quite frustrating. Are there other people who you are able to talk to in person? Maybe there are some clothing experts you could ask? Or are you being bullied too? Maybe you could get support from your friends too.
I have always found that having a good wardrobe helps with self esteem too. It's just that when we have a good wardrobe, we are more confident in our appearance! If there is something you really like but can't seem to find, perhaps shopping online is a good way to go?
I definitely would not tell them that! They are going to be impressed with you for having a strong money management skills! But yes you should care what they say, otherwise you will feel like a failure! At least that way you are yourself!
I think they are probably just taking their problems out on everyone. And you are not that person. And most of the time you are not that person anyway. And that is much better than being that person for others. It is so much better!
Have you tried that already? I know that's hard and painful, but it's definitely worth a try. And if that's not your thing then it might be worth someone else's time. I would definitely try and join a support group or something for you. I think that would really help.
I totally agree that sewing or altering clothes does sound like a great way to do it. I think that it will give you a lot of confidence. Also I noticed that when I started sewing and altering my clothes I noticed that I looked much better. I am sorry you feel like you dress badly.
I'm glad that we had a chance to talk and I wish you all the best! Keep smiling and happy! When you need anything, don't hesitate to call! :) Keep chatting! :) Thanks! :) Anyway, you have to go! I am on! :P stay warm!
You as well :) can't you just click quit and give me the final survey first though? :D.
Please dont :P :) Have a good night :) Bye! :D!
What's going on with your friendship? I'd be happy to help! Why do you think you no longer talk to your best friend? Have you two drifted apart? Or is there a specific incident or issue? How long ago was this?
It sounds like you have reason to be upset with her. What exactly was causing you to fight so much with her? Did you do something or something happened that you were upset with her about? Would you like to tell me more about what happened?
That must have been so painful and scary to discover that she was lying to you. Did you confront her about it at some point?
I can see how it would hurt. Do you feel you deserve your friendship back after what has happened? There may be a chance for you to go back to a place of friendship if it's your choice. This would be a great opportunity to take a time to think and reflect.
It does seem like you are being made to feel like you are the bad friend, but in reality that just is not the case. Your friend was constantly lying to you and you did not know. It's not easy to deal with and it must be really hurtful to feel this way.
Good, I'm glad I could encourage you. My best to you for the next 4 weeks. All best. Thank you for your time. Goodbye! :) And Stay Safe!
That's so amazing! It's so hard to go through any kind of ending. You are being really honest with yourself. I will say that some of my close friends have struggled with the same thing. I loved them and still do!
Yes, it sounds like you may have made an error in your relationship. I would have forgiven her if she stopped living in your house. Now if she is still with you, you have no excuse to be angry with her for taking up space. What would be a better thing to do?
If that's the case then it sounds like you've only just realized that your friend was treating you poorly. That's a totally fair assessment. You know you did the right thing by moving on! Most people who pretend to be good friends never leave a good friend. That would probably be you!
Is there anything else I can help you with? It's been a great pleasure talking to you! I hope you're able to forgive and move on from this... quickly, anyway! I hope you can be happy and thrive despite these times. I know that I can!
When you feel the lowest that can be your mantra: You are capable of healing. You are capable of getting better. It takes time, but you will get there. You will be okay. All the best to you. Thank you for speaking. I hope you feel better.
Have a great day as well. Thank you!
Can you tell me more about this situation? Is this friend healthy? Have you tried to talk to them about their problem? It seems to you they are drinking because they are feeling overwhelmed or stressed. Have you ever talked to them about it?
Is there a specific reason you think she might be drinking? Is there a family issue? Do you see yourself in the same position? Some people deal with addiction like that. So much is prevented in today's society. So much.
So you feel like you cannot be there for them anymore? Is that right? And how long have you been worrying about this? Is this your first issue that your friend has? I hope this question makes it clear. It seems to me that you're in a rough situation.
I believe you say they are intoxicated most of the time? I'm not sure I understand how you know this. Can you tell me more about their habits? Tell me how they often look like? Can you give me some examples? Maybe we can get a better understanding of the situation?
I think that your concern for him is what keeps you going. It makes it possible for you to handle your own life while still showing you love for him. You should be very proud of that. Don't give up because the situation doesn't make perfect sense. These are a real thing.
Is it possible for you to be around him alone and show him that you have a better interest in the relationship that you previously thought you did? I think that is an option. You need to stand up for yourself. But I believe you can do it. I know you can!
Does he seem to be able to manage his drinking on his own? Because you seem to feel that he is incapable of doing so on his own. Maybe you can try some therapy together to work on his problem. Maybe they can benefit from talking to a therapist as well.
And while it may be hard, do not lose the friendship entirely. If you lose yourself, you will be no better for it. Maybe there is another person you could take his place in his life. Just don't lose yourself. That's your strength and your future.
I know how you feel. I am sad to see someone that close to me out of my life, but I hope you will feel better from talking to someone who cares. Maybe you can get help from Al-Anon for him as well. It's really helpful for a lot of people.
I think it might be a tough road ahead for both of you. But know that the road ahead is rough for him too. He will have to face his demons... I'm sure of it. Do you feel comfortable confronting him directly with the feelings he has produced?
I know how hard it can be, and I think it's better to seek one other way to be there for your friend. I mean in a group setting?
You deserve to take care of yourself. I hope you will do that. You're not alone, and you are very lucky to have found another so helpful. I'm glad I was able to help. Have a great day! :) under the bridge.
I'm here to listen. And thank you for sharing these things with me. I'm happy to listen. Your welcome. Come again if you need anything. Good luck! Have a great day! :) :) :D! :) :)! :) :)! :D : : : :) :)!
Sometimes in the morning, just when the world is beginning to come back to me, I just can't do anything, or the big decisions in my head come together, and I just want it all to be over.
And sometimes that's enough just to remind you that others feel for you. Sometimes all it takes is some reminders that you are not alone. So much of the hate you feel towards others is likely from your own actions and emotions. Try to break those up from your attitudes.
There is a 1-hour free resource that offers depression resources, hope that it helps you feel better! lol! lol! :D :D!
You're more than welcome. Please take a break first because your body needs rest. I can help with anything else! I wish you the best. Good luck! The clock is ticking :) :) :D! :) :)! :) :) :)! :) :)! :)! :)! :)! :)!
How are you today? Would you like to talk? I can get to you with iChat, even if you aren't here right now. haha. Can you tell me a little bit about yourself? I'd like to get to know you better.
Are you saying your boyfriend may be one of the factors? You're right to be concerned, so have you spoken to him about it? Of course I would be concerned too if that was you that I know of.
Has this been going on for a long time? Or was it something more recent? Good times are involved with the relationship. As long as you are not holding on to each other in these situations, it is not going to last. I understand.
Not a problem. Have you discussed it with your boyfriend about what has happened? Maybe he is also struggling. You may want to consider his perspective when you decide how to handle it. It may be possible that this has been the cause of a lot of tension in your relationship.
Wow that is a very low-calorie diet. Is it safe to say you don't have a healthy eating habit in general? Have you been in a relationship long enough that this happens?
i can also relate to this experience, for a long time I found it hard to manage my eating and exercise, I used a lot of negative self speech and followed an extreme diet but did not see any results. My doctor suggested I attend a support group and to exercise in short bursts.
It seems you are suggesting that your health is more of an issue for you at the moment than your relationship with food. Is that correct? Do you have problems with stress or emotional issues to see a doctor? Is there a family history of eating disorders or health issues?
Vegan diet is excellent for health. You must not feel guilty at all. There is nothing wrong with using chocolate and butter on your pizza! Exercise will do the trick though. Where are you getting most of your calories from?
From what I have heard its a good idea to aim for at least 60 minutes of exercise per day. You could try the park and do a good walk there. You could also try joining a local gym.
I would say why not? It's a great way to spend time with your boyfriend and new puppy! It would give you exercise and time to help each other out. Good luck. Have a lovely day! Hope your feeling a little better now. :) Thanks.
I do miss running a lot myself. Make sure to take a break for a few weeks and let your body recover fully. To make it up to you I recommend a long walk (up to 3 hours). This is the best way to get the blood flowing again.
Thats great! I am glad to have helped. What do you think is unhealthy in your ways? Is it money, drugs, food? Maybe some of these things you should cut down on. Alternatively maybe you need to go to a doctor and they could take a look for you.
so its been a complete break from normal activities for you. Have you been successful in returning to a full pre injury routine? I know it's been tough for you. I myself have experienced the same. Have you heard of the concept called Type B Personality?
No problem and stay safe! :) You are in my prayers! :) are you sure you need to end here? can i press quit? :) and stay safe!
Hi, how can i help you today? Any problems you're facing? Tell me a bit about them, so I can be sure to assist you the best way possible. :) Thanks! I'd love to talk. Let's start! Here's a glass of milk. :) Your problem?
What has going on with you right now that is making you feel down? Specifically, seeking advice concerning your depression? Can you give me some more context? or can you tell me about your experience? I am here to listen and be a support. I believe in you.
Have you talked to a mental health professional about this? They can help you find treatment. I'm sure there are many free, non-profit resources that can give you a call or even a chat. They might be able to connect you with someone who can treat you.
No it will not die if the two kids are immune from it and keep it from a bee. I don't know the virus this year... I haven't seen a doctor in months. Does that seem right to you?
I can see how frustrating it must be, that is really tough but you seem very capable and careful, I really admire that. I would think you should at least be worried about the kids a bit. So perhaps you could think about when you can spend time with them? You already do?
Also, sometimes you need to isolate and catch your bug first. Do you have some meds for it? I hear those do help when you have Covid. Do you take them at all? If not, can you even get them with your Covid meds?
That is a nice age. I hope they enjoy visiting you and enjoy the holidays. Unfortunately, Covid is not over and its not time for Thanksgiving and, hopefully, Christmas and New Year's too. You should be proud of yourselves for taking care of them.
Threws might be a good idea to remind them why they're called as they are 9 years old, not 16. Also, you've got this, you deserve the support you need at this time. Remember to check yourself too.
By taking a break from watching news, you can take it easy on yourself and make a vow to yourself to stay active in moving forward. I personally believe you're doing the right thing now. Keep doing the right thing and others will respect your efforts and people will be grateful.
that makes sense. Unfortunately, you do need to share your feelings with your family, because at the end of the day, you don't want your family to experience the same stress and anxiety you are.
Are you okay now? :D i think it's been pretty therapeutic talking with you! I hope you've had a good time sharing your thoughts!
What is it that your friend has done to be hurting you so? It can help you work through your frustration and get to a better place. Maybe you just need to work through your emotions in a healthier way.
That sounds bad to you that your friend is getting a little too opinionated on all of your friends? How would you react? With your friends knowing your opinion or maybe avoiding you from time to time? If so, what does that do to your friendship?
It sounds like he hasn't changed from previous behavior or how you were treated before. Is this correct? Please share with me so I can better understand. He is taking you to the same level of argument that you got thrown in when you were his age.
Unfortunately your friend wouldn't listen to reason in the past, it may not be able to change him, but I'm sure you'll have a positive way to deal with it that won't damage your friendship with your friend at all.
So long time ago maybe he just started behaving differently? Or maybe he has changed in some way. Also, since he is your friend, you have to be able to be honest with him. That makes it challenging! I am glad you are on the fence about being honest!
There are some websites that allow people to identify and exchange private messages with these creepy people. Let's first get that out of the equation, I do not think it's too late for that. Are there any other concerns that you have that you'd like to talk about?
I am an friend of someone who has. During an issue with one of his friends who was quite close to him, we set up a safe space for his friends to talk about the issues that he had with them.
Are you guys the ones who are suspicious of his behavior? Is he my friend? Anyways, you guys seem to have a lot of issues with his behavior, and it's concerning. Maybe you should talk to a friend or a mentor about the situation?
Well my boyfriend and I are young and recently got into a friendship where we started arguing over much of the things that we thought we agreed upon. After a few months of a bit of a fight, we found ourselves talking through everything that was bothering us.
When I am online, I tend to react impulsively, which may have been helping me escape in the first place. I find it harder to calm down when online, so I tend to scream from the rooftops instead of taking the time to think about things in a more rational manner.
Wow you are very welcome. I have been through this too with my boyfriend. I hope this was somewhat helpful for you. Good luck to both of you. Take care. Bye!
Thank you! I had a really hard day earlier but talking to you has helped. I hope you and your friend can come through it! I believe you two will work it out. Good luck! :) Take care! :) Thank you for your time :) :) Anyway it must be over now!
Hello, how can I help you today? 🙃 😊. Is there anything on your mind that you would like to talk about? 🤔. I am here to listen. :) 😊. Of course. We could have some fun today.
how can i help you tonight? I am not really sure I understand why you want to talk to me, but it seems like I am needed. Anything else I can do for you? I don't really want to take the chance of something going wrong that I don't know how to handle?
I am sorry to hear that. What is breaking? What did you break? Just giving us a rundown? Or what kind of break? You can explain what you are having trouble with. I am happy to listen if I can help you!
So, you had a great year, but this year seems to be dropping the ball. Is that right? Is there a reason that this year hasn't been going well? Are there any changes that might cause this? It's been a tough year for everyone this year.
This is difficult for sure. What type of work are you doing currently? Do you have any friends in the same line? Have you tried to reach out to online groups and forums for people who are down?
So I understand you really want something better. I feel the same way. I have been in similar situation. Have you ever tried to end your job? Hopefully your employer will be understanding. I believe in your strength. You can do this. May I help you in some way?
Which side are you on? Are you also freelancing too? Any other plans besides the ones you have? Like, school? Marriage? Relationships? Come on. It's Christmas, how about getting things back on track? There is only so much we can do at this point in time!
Yes. That's very true. I guess I was not thinking about it from your perspective as well as yours. But it is tough. I think you can take some steps to brighten your outlook. Have you ever been to the pod or visited any of the travel sites.
I can help you find a job from home if you want. I can also give you online surveys to earn some extra money :D :D :D :) :)! I am a blogger as well so I know a lot of it, just let me know :) :)! :) :)!
Is there anything else I can help you with or anything you need help with? We were on for the worst. I am so sorry it had to end like this. I think we both have a good idea or two to work out. Thank you.
I believe you have the mental energy to help you pass the time. Hopefully everything starts looking up again soon and you will find a job soon. Hopefully by the end of the year you can be able to retire comfortably :) all the best. I hope you found something on this conversation that helped you!
And I believe your hard work will shine even brighter in the future when COVID is over. Trust me, you are smart enough to keep your head on your shoulders, they are high today. I am very proud of you for believing in yourself. I know you can do anything!
I would also start applying to online jobs. So that I do not have to go out into the office. You know how it goes about that sometimes you work for a great employer but they have some of your colleague or coworkers in their employ.
I know you have to get by and make something of yourself, but you are intelligent and I trust you. I think you have this whole situation figured out. Something about Covid is a little so you can do things you weren't able to before.
When it comes to resume, I think you should really try to show your skills, experience, and what kind of employee you are, maybe you should ask your current company if they have any job openings they really need. You never know it might help.
you can always try on being good at others job until you find the right one, enjoy the feel of it. Enjoy the feeling of money and travel, that is what life is all about. That is the important thing! :D.
Do you want to finish the rest of the conversation? I can see if I can help you more. I am sad that I had to quit from the previous session, but we can go again later. It is time to end it.
I have good intuition and feel as though our skills and creative abilities are our greatest assets. You make sense. I'm glad we got to talk. The world is different now but you are going to be okay. All the best! :) serious but I have good news and bad news.
Goodbye, stay warm and have a Happy Holidays! :) Can you do it again? Or is it done for me? :) Lets get a resolution! :D. Okay? You can type anything :D. Thanks so much for talking! :) :) :D!
hi there! How's it going? :)) I've been having a pretty good day myself so far! What about you? How's life treating you? :)) Can we chat about what's on your mind? :) We can look for new connections all the time.
What fields are you in? Or are you just feeling a general depression? Because everything can be stressful when you are feeling depressed. Could you tell me what your major is? I am here to listen. Perhaps we can find some motivation in studying for your exams.
It sounds like you are super overwhelmed. Have you asked your professors for extra help? If your department offers tutoring services? My department had a dedicated tutor with all of our classes and it was super helpful. Is there something you can talk to your professors about? Maybe request assistance with your assignments?
My first year, I was not as prepared. I was a social sciences major. I had 10 classes and no one recommended me anyone. But I went to work and freelance until I could get my financials in order, then I studied hard for my finals.
Okay, that makes sense. So you want to get closer to making friends for the long haul, I assume? Well, my advice is, start talking to your classmate right now! Put your dread for them into perspective.
Does that happen? Either you're bored with your classes or your friends aren't at all, despite all the training in being social! Can you make a plan to hang out with your classmates? Maybe you can even go to your local library together for coffee?
It will help you not feel isolated and it might make your classmates care about your well-being as well. If they do get to know you, they may encourage your classmates to approach you for support. Then with the more experience you gain and more time, you will probably form more connections.
From what I've read, most of the chaos has been dealing with the pandemic. However, a lot of programs are now offering more flexible options. Some universities have late grading options. Not sure about every program, though.
We can all share a feeling of not knowing what's going to happen, and it's okay to share. Anything to remember that it's okay to feel scared, because they are feeling it.
Exactly, and that's understandable! But if you keep at your usual pace and continue doing your best, that's a great start. And just know that everyone has their own strengths and weaknesses, so even if you're worried, it's not so much about you.
I am glad you are thinking about meeting your expectations! We are all doing the best we can, and knowing your achievements will keep you focused.
You're welcome, happy to help, now best of luck! I hope you're able to pick up the pace, and still be able to focus and be a responsible student! Have fun and happy holidays! :) can you please press the key.
Oh, I'm so sorry. Is this the same kind of cheating? I assume that they have met before, and you don't know they did that? Most of the time this is a very hard betrayal of a friend. Is this true? Or is there some other explanation?
I hear you feeling that you have to make her mad because she had a confession. This is important. I do know you have felt this way before. Is that correct? You told a close friend something very personal that was hurtful to them.
Are you feeling guilty or worried that you will not do what you want to do? It's essential to understand and take responsibility for how your relationship works. Sometimes things might be happening that you're not aware of. There are ways to communicate that will minimize any potential conflict.
Have you talked to your husband about your feelings? Or have you talked about it with him? How have you listened to his perspective? I want to see what his insights are about this situation. Can you please share with me what he said to you? How did you feel during the conversation?
Have you talked to him about this in private and let him know how his wife acted towards you? Have you thought about confronting her husband and him is willing to listen?
Do you believe your friend's information is relevant to your situations? It seems that there is a bigger issue at hand. Do you feel the group, or are there individuals holding you back? What are the boundaries of your friendship with this person? Have you asked her to keep the secret?
You are clearly passionate about this. Do you have any ideas on how to find this other person that you both would like to pursue? Or perhaps just be friends and support your friend for her own happiness? Or does it seem like she needs help in a different area?
Once you have heard out of your friend, and from your husband, i think that will be the best step you can take. Things may be as complicated as they seem, but in the end they can be less complicated and easier to deal with when everyone understands what you value.
Well, maybe she is a bit of a jerk. I know, I have friends who would betray her trust. But I think at the end of the day, it is a good thing. Or not. Maybe a good thing or a bad thing. It really depends on her.
It seems you and your friend have a friendship. I hope this has helped. I know it has worked for my partner as well. You and your friend can establish your friendship back to normal. I am glad I could be a sounding board for you. Good luck!
Oh sorry to hear that, I'm sorry to hear that. Why is this at work? You seem a little down? What are you working on? Do you have any family? I am worried you are worried about your family? Do you have any friends to talk to?
Yes it is scary, not knowing what will come next. Do you think you will be given a do-over pay period? Something to ensure that you get something? You definitely deserve it, after all the work you've put in. I think you should talk to someone higher up in your office.
There has been many other workers in your situation since Corona. I was a worker for over 20 years and once COVID came into play, I lost my contract. This was particularly rough for me because I hadn't changed jobs in a long time.
It sounds like you're genuinely trying to be a good person and do good things, though, and we all know how important that is! Unfortunately, that's kind of what I'm trying to be. If you need anything in the future, please don't hesitate to reach out!
My motto is when life gives you lemons make lemonade. Keep at it and never give up. You're doing an amazing job despite the uncertainty. You've got this. Now and next. Keep me posted on any progress you make. It will be so welcome in the long run.
Great, I'm glad I could help! We're all going through a really tough time right now, and it's okay to feel anxious. I know I have! I'm glad we could chat! Have a wonderful rest of your day! Your welcome!
That's great to hear! I'm glad you're able to find some peace of mind with the online courses. We have a lot of people in my network who are also going through this and finding it incredibly difficult!
It sounds like you're trying very hard to get through this time, and are going through a lot of stress. I think you're going through a lot as well. My own family has struggled in a very similar way.
I completely understand your feelings, I would be in the same shoes if I were in your situation. But meditate is a very helpful tool to help you reduce stress and depression. It helps you focus your mind.
Thanks so much! I'm super glad to hear that. I really hope you have a better day! I've totally got faith in you :) and you too! Have a great day! I'm looking forward to talking to you again! 😊. Please give yourself a big hug!
You as well! Thank you for the chat. Hope it helped and maybe one day you can come to a situation in your life and use some of these to help you! Keep your head up, you are doing great!
Hello there! How are you? What can I help you with? Can you tell me more? I have a chocolate bar here. I think that would help :)! How are you feeling today? Can you share your thoughts? It seems a bit too calm. How about a bit of discussion?
hey what you typed? i didnt get a chance to see that. make sure you give it to me first. I am here to help you and we need to make sure we get it right. :) YES I wanna hear it. thanks. Hope you are doing well.
Ahhh that sucks! she broke the trust of a bunch of people with her actions. Its really understandable why you're upset. You're pretty set on how you want to move forward. i totally support that choice. is there anything else you'd like to talk about?
well, from what you told me, I see that you are feeling hurt that your friend didn't let you pay rent. and you are sad that she blocked you from asking. and you are mad? I have some issues with those. Have you talked to your friends about it?
Okay. that makes it less possible that it was just a casual roommate who was being a pain. do you have a chance to get in touch with her through social media, so to speak? maybe message her and see if she'll respond. or is it possible she just blocked you for good?
It has been a real pleasure chatting with you. Please don't hesitate to seek out other people to chat with anytime you're feeling down or blue. We will all be there for you. I hope your holidays are bright! :) Try not to let your heart get crushed!
Of course. You've got a good run with someone new, have the best rest of your days, know that you did your best! We all start over, with something fresh. Thanks for sharing your heart and your feelings with me! Have a wonderful day! :) best regards. Thank you!
You deserve a piece of the sunshine! Maybe thats the fire starter you need, and it will remind you to just relax and live, and move forward! Thank you for talking! You've been so open and let yourself heal. I wish you well and also respect the closure.
I love to help. Stay positive and surround yourself with good people. You're doing the best you can :) all the best! They always make the first move! :) stay positive!
how are you? what can i help you with? i do not recall you telling me your name :) :) what makes you have asked me today? were you feeling really down? are you going through anything that would affect you today?
how was your day? did anything noteworthy happen? if not, would you like to talk about what’s on your mind today? I am here to listen. I will do my best to offer help and any guidance. please feel free to share.
I'm so sorry that happened to you. that must be hard to be through. why did he do that? because he was cheating or what? was there anything else going on between you guys? just to make sure i understand? maybe you can tell me if you feel comfortable doing so?
what was the situation? did he break up with you or tell you he felt comfortable talking to the girl? or something else? ่วม by any chance is it a mutual arrangement? because i think that you should get some kind of new partner from your friends.
Have you seen him since you got your breakup? Or do you still hang out? Some might be to blame. I hope it wasn't something you did. But in life if he cheated you after you were cheated on then you are free to move on.
so this is a long story then? That you’re angry about how he got back to you so fast after going to your friend? That he was attracted to your friend? right? or could you possibly think that it was his girlfriend at the beginning?
i can only imagine how gutted you must feel. do you think he knows he's hurt you? and do you think he's planning to tell you anything? I am trying not to believe the worst but the fact that he tried to do that is proof of his wrongdoing.
because you didn't want to continue the cycle of your friend, you don't want to continue the cycle with your boyfriend, you didn't want to continue the cycle with your ex. I can see how that would make you feel angry with both of them.
do you remember this exactly how it happened? Have you seen their faces? do you know any of their names? They are the ones who wronged you the most as well as wronging each other. You both did a lot of the same things! What more could they possibly need from you?
thinking about it now i can see that you can't stand your boyfriend and that's already a defintive matter. not just the boyfriend though, there was some external factor that you could not see coming.
i am not sure if it's appropriate but it is an important part of your journey to address the feelings you are having and to find out how to heal from the situation.
you are right you will want to move on, doing so will help you move from being still holding onto a toxic relationship to feeling empowered. the time you spend with them is only adding to your pain. that's where your focus needs to go now.
have you considered speech therapy? I think it could really help. They can show you how to deal with anger and the insecurity that you feel which can help you not let them close your heart. Have you ever thought of that? And spoken with a therapist?
I did it for myself. it was worth the pain. When you are working on yourself, other relationships fade away because they wont be able to fix the problems I am trying to fix. Keep working on yourself.
Those are all good things to do, i'm sure you have a long and happy life! i wish you the best! 😊 jiné option - at the end press quit and the tool will not end now. Thank you for your time. you can quit.
i would find hobbies like that to take your mind off the problem. what kind of movies do you like? enjoy watching sports? start running? etc..find hobbies you can do that help keep you busy when you think about the person you don't like to be around.
have you tried therapy or a support group? they tend to have a really low stigma for seeking help and you can work with them to get through your feelings. it might take some time, but you can do it! Thank you for letting me help you out!
yes they are. have you spoken to them about this too? what are your thoughts about what they might think of you? should you trust them? are they trustworthy?.. maybe sharing them with your parents can help you work out what needs to happen next. maybe you should set boundaries.
just be real. good for you! Have a wonderful day! Best of luck! I hope to meet you today!
like I said, this is personal and all thats important for you is at your center. so take care of yourself and let your friends love you for who you are. :) amazing goal youve set for yourself. I'm so proud of you! :) you are important. you are amazing.
they will never know any details that are not useful to them! From what you've said, your decision is completely understandable! nice talking to you! :) good luck! :) I hope we do meet again. you can talk to me anytime you need to! :))! :)!
thank you. you're welcome, I am here to help you through the heavy stuff that you're dealing with now. good luck to you :) I hope that you feel better soon! :) I am going to take this opportunity to turn my mental energy to help to my sister.
do you have anything else you'd like to talk about? or get advice on? anything other than your feelings and a way out of the emotion? I can help :) I can be just as vague if that's your comfort level. very important. really important for me.
What kind of trouble in your job? I am very interested in hearing about it. Please go on. My friend has faced trouble with her job too! Some of it involved asking her coworkers about work. And her manager was completely opposed to it. Do you feel that way at all?
If you are, when did you start your job? I'm curious! What type of job are you in? Maybe there is a job change you can talk to your employer about? Do you have a contract for a certain amount of time?
Wow! I can't even imagine that! Have you been told directly? Or do you know what the reason is? That always hurts. I can relate to this sometimes. In my own career I've faced jobs being cut due to the company going through downsizing.
Are you not sure what type of job position you will be laid off from? If you can explain what position, I would be able to help! This will ease your mind if that is the case. If not, I can go over some things you can do!
Wow that is difficult. I can see how that would make you feel like this! Do you have any thoughts of finding a new job? I can tell by how you are feeling that you might be considering that! Do you think this might help with the feeling of depression?
I completely understand and agree! You have to act fast to get another job because it may be hard to get one if it opens up. Is that true? I am still trying to get in and start my first full time job. It's hard and I don't know what else to do!
Well, with many applying every day, you will get the right job for your work level. Do you have any certifications that you could apply for to get some additional pay? I have my PHD. I might be able to work part time, too!
It can be nice to have a new opportunity that looks much more promising! So much is going on in the world, we are all feeling a little deflated and depressed. I think there are plenty of options out there. Have you been looking into that? In addition to your job?
Are you able to work out how to get exercises in the still at home? Maybe doing 10 minute walks outside in the yard or doing sit-ups in the living room? That can be an answer to what you are not being able to do outside.
I think you need to get professional help to get yourself back in shape for going to work, so to speak. Have you been able to walk, go for a ride, get your nails done? That is all important for mental health. Make sure you get your vitamins, a balanced diet.
Have you considered taking online classes? That would allow you to go back to school from home. Have you considered a program through a pharmacy or an online health university? That might give you more options for schooling and give you a lot more flexibility as well. I would check the schools websites.
That is wonderful. Does your job allow you to apply your knowledge or do you have it laid back as a background work? Have you thought of taking a class or just learning online? I've made it easier for others to get their degree by taking online classes and working for half of my time.
I have noticed the decrease in people driving and going around. It will take some time to get back to normal. Perhaps you might enjoy getting back out to some of your hobbies? I think your mental health is the most important thing to worry about right now. Are there any hobbies you have?
I'm so glad I could talk to you and hope that you are able to seek help and feel better soon. Please continue to pray. It is working for me. I really believe we are in a parenthesis, and we will get out of this soon.
I'm here and ready to hear what else you have on your mind, please go ahead and talk! Unfortunately, you can't quit the conversation and stay on your end of the deal. That means you need to share what's on your mind! Help! I'm here for you!
I'm good. How can I help you today? Just have to share something with you. :) This would make the day better for you. If you'd like to tell me about it or your day, do tell. I want to listen. We can share it if you want.
I can understand why you feel that way, have you been given any notice to leave school? Or have you felt as though you are not working hard enough? I have suffered the same thing.
Okay, do you work or do you work in school? Either way, I understand. What are you not getting out of this work? Maybe I can give you some suggestions? Of course, no problem at all. In school and sometimes work. I just thought of someone.
Oh, that can make you sad. I understand a bit, my child's school age about five years ago. It was definitely sad. Do you have a new one? This is my second time for the year. I feel like I am stuck. Nothing's come through for two summers.
What was the final grade on the paper? If it was close to the amount you wrote, that could have easily been passing. Maybe you should write the paper again and see how you do. Did you finish it? Or is there something holding you up?
You're welcome! Do you think you could write a much smaller paper to help you complete the one you have to write? I wouldn't hold it against you and I think you'd feel better. You're doing the best you can. Don't quit! You're safe!
Well it sounds like that's the start of the semester and you did it! A big welcome to college! I think you're ready. How are you feeling now? Just as you were, and perhaps you're feeling a little more confident. Is that correct?
Hi. How are you? Do you have a problem you'd like to share? Please tell me. I am all ears. I will do my best to help you out. What are your thoughts? Is there something on your mind you'd like to talk about?
How may I be able to help you? there seems to be a issue. Please speak your mind. tell me what is going on. something has happened? said. reacted to? and you are not okay with it? Please do tell. I am here to help.
Thank you! There are people out there waiting for help. I'm doing well, thanks. Would you like to tell me about your day? Hope anything is good for you! How does this night feel to you? Does it feel better? Do you need to talk about anything? I care.
Running trees climbing outdoor sounds like a wonderful goal to pursue. I hope you can achieve it. Trees offer us shelter and cozy rooms and adventures but more importantly it is where our true selves live and where true growth takes place. It sounds like you are striving to find your true self. Sounds great.
I can definitely see what you've written on the chat. Make sure that's there when you can. What are your hopes for the future? Maybe this is just the kick you needed. Is there anything specific you'd like to talk about or discuss? :) either with me or yourself.
It sounds like you were very close to that friend but on closer inspection that friend wasn't who they seemed to be. You can't trust them. You had trouble getting over it now it has been a year. Does that sound right to you?
Thank you for sharing your experience with me. I know it was a hard one for you. Is there anything else that you would like to talk about or need any advice on. Anytime!? : > : )? : ) : ;)?! > : )? :?
What was it about your partner that hurt you? Was it something they said or not said? Is there anything I can help you identify? In the event I had to do something I might offer up just an example.
Thank you. Its great that you are willing to open up and be honest with yourself. I hope you are able to learn and be free of the past. Have a wonderful night! :) you. :). :). :) :). :). :). :). :). :) :) :) :).
Hello there! How are you today? Can I help you in any way? :) I want to listen too and help if I can :) Hope that helps and keep me safe here today. You're not alone in all of this. People can and will help!
Not being able to leave home can make it so hard. Do you have family nearby? Maybe they can help take care of you? I understand that feeling of feeling like you just can't do anything. Is there anything I can suggest? Maybe I can offer any advice.
Yes, that must be very hard. It's wonderful that you are trying to understand why you are feeling that way. I'm sure that is something to be thankful for too! Let's start by looking at things that we can control and see if we can't get us going.
I hear that it is hard to keep going when you feel that way. The problem is that some things are necessary for your recovery. It's just not easy at the same time.
That is very good, I think that a visit to your mom can be very beneficial to you in terms of family and new experience. April will be nice time, even good weather, I hope. What do you think about the present state of your health?
Glad to hear, and you are welcome, God bless! Enjoy the rest of your day! I hope it gets a little better, do you think there's a chance of a bad day tomorrow? Is there anything else I can help with?..
No I do not, but I am very interested in that. I can try to offer some tips and guidance as well if you would like. I am seeking to go to school myself, although I have to put it on the back burner right now.
I can definitely understand that. It is hard but I know you can do it. You have a gift in that you are able to express yourself and still help others at the same time. I encourage you to see a therapist. I believe they can really help you in a very short time.
Thank you! You are very welcome and wish me good luck! :) You have to be willing to try new things :) they are the way to happiness. And I love your motto :) I wish you all the best! Have a great day! :) This end of the line. :) Enjoy life!
You can stay on with me. Are you feeling any better now? (Not in the business of conflict) Have a nice evening. Bye! :) ~/. buddhify.com nothappythatsowealth. :) *nothin*. :) Situational. :) Irreversible.
I can understand feeling depressed and lethargic especially during a time of the year that has very many conflicting emotions, especially related to family. Is there anyone you can talk to about this? It is okay to feel depressed sometimes.
It sounds like your feelings may be an expression of your sadness and desperation for those who are unable to be with you. Is that right? Please let me know if there is anything I can do to make you feel a little bit better today. Perhaps I can help you feel more hopeful?
The fact that a pandemic is going around may feel like there is no sense of normalcy and nobody is going out and doing normal things. That makes you feel stuck. Is that correct?
That makes sense because also with the pandemic I am having to relearn normal rules so I feel like everything is still a big unknown. It's hard to feel more in control with every new rule we put in place.
I've always found it really helps. Video can be kind of creepy at first but once you get used to it, it's really helpful and fun to be with everyone. In our family, it's really enjoyable to see each other's smile's. I know you can too.
I find that exercising like wearing shorts in the cold gets my adrenaline going a lot more than exercise wearing jeans. This is a distraction that is often overlooked in the world oftherapy. I like the idea that you're exploring this. It shows that you're aware that your feelings are unusual.
Well, have you considered "staycayment" with your friends instead? That sounds like fun and fun to me. We do a similar plan when we hit a roadblock. We usually pick a new activity or something fun to do instead.
yes, it has made it worse for me too. That is why I also suffer from athsema and sleep issues. It's been really hard for me to see my friends and family. But it is been really helpful to have the virtual zoom parties and connect virtually with friends.
There are therapy apps and websites like Calm that can help you when things get out of hand. Things that help me are things that people do in the winter when it's cold.
Actually I have thought about this as well. During the pandemic, less people have gone outside. With those 90 days going by, lots more people will start going out and getting outside which will make it less of a situation. I love that idea!
It is fun to get out there when the days are longer. I love outdoor activities too! Have you thought about taking your family out for a walk during your weekend or a hike on the weekends? Maybe it would be fun to pick a new place to hike.
I am so sorry to hear that! Can you tell me what is going on? Maybe we can find a solution together! The month has been so tough. Why do you feel this way? Have you been experiencing any challenges? I would really like to listen! Listen carefully!
Ah, oh, I understand a bit. I've been finding myself playing games all the time. It has made it difficult for me to stay in touch with people for some time, anyway. Do you play a lot? Or just whenever? Do you think it's the videogames?
Do you find that you do tend to do this as a particular time of year or perhaps because it has been a difficult time? I have recently gone through a difficult time at home and it has been important for me to find activities that help me in order to cope.
Are you feeling like you are going a bit loopty at the moment? Have you tried to improve in any other areas of your life? For example, do you have time for any exercise? Even a short walk a day? Maybe trying something new?
Would you say that you are a competitive person, or just a supporter of your friends? Because I don't think there is any rational reason for you to feel like you should be coming back for another match. Maybe you should just leave your friends alone, and not let them be bored by you.
Is it really not just a matter of you being a bit lazy or not motivated enough? I think that there are a lot of points where we can all benefit from a bit of bit of self discipline. Have you ever considered trying to get up a bit earlier in the morning?
I see. Do you have any hobbies or interests that might help to distract from the fact you do have work to do? Maybe picking up a book? I find that works for me.
I think it's a bit of both and have you thought of going to the teachers room and talking to them? They might be able to help you out and you don't have to feel embarrassed. And then maybe just set a deadline for you to get your work done so you feel less anxious.
They seem to have made a good start in addressing the issue. I'm sure you're doing your best to do well in school if you are attending a school. Do you think you might need to look for a different school or sort of? It's difficult to say without meeting you in person.
Or do you feel you have been doing very well? So maybe the one you are thinking of not being effective is you? A lot of people are super busy and do need to work harder and recharge a bit themselves. Do you think you may have been asking too much of yourself?
In a school setting, it would be ridiculous to request a doctor's fit. I think that most people are aware of that. I think that you are the one that needs help. It should not be you who is consulted! Can you try to find a way to communicate with your teachers?
There is always an alternative. Would you be willing to talk to a therapist? I think there may be lots of therapists in your area. I have been to a few, and they have really helped. I would be willing to talk to you. Would you be willing to do that?
Do you think you have been made to feel like a bad friend for not playing along? Or is it the other way around? If it's the former, that might be something to consider.
You're welcome! Take care :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :.rotation has broken up with me, but I'll be able to see you on the Aussie side...
(You have to end the conversation from your end. I can't :) ) :) Sorry about that :) Have a good day! :) /i)Right hand :) /u :) :) )! :) :) ) :)! :) :)!
Hi! I am very sorry to hear that. Have you been feeling overwhelmed in general? What triggers your anxiety? Maybe we can figure out ways to deal with it together? I am really eager to hear this out. It sounds like a really tough situation for you.
What specific aspect of the pandemic are you struggling with? What have you been doing to cope? I am here to listen. :) For example, have you taken medication? Something else? Somewhere else? I am here to listen. It sounds like you have a lot going on!
Oh okay, I see. Well, I've been staying at home for a couple of months now and also had to lay off my job to avoid exposure so to speak, so I know how anxious that's made me!
I'm really glad we can chat even if things are a lot tough right now. My favorite is talking to friends, so having someone to chat with makes the day at least a little better for me.
How have you been handling everything so far? So far, you have felt pretty anxious? Are you able to just put those feelings aside and deal with them when you can? I don't want you to become to anxious part that could be fatal to you.
It is always good to be more relaxed and have more options for exercises than just staying home. Can you check out online walking trail or go to park nearby? You may find fresh exercise for you. Have you had much time to interact with people at all? Any post-pandemic social events?
I understand. Is it like this at work too? Have you gone to your boss and asked if it is safe to get back to the office? Sometimes, knowing that you asked can help calm things down. Just one thing at a time. :) Is the management type someone you can talk to?
Sounds like you're feeling self harsh but this is normal when the circumstances are so bad. So I'm not accusing you at all. Even myself had these feelings at the beginning. Everything has a logical explanation and a structure. But is having these feelings a sign of letting things down?
I'm glad that you've felt something over this. This can really help make this time of the year (or year overall) better. And remember, this is a year to let things get in into your head.
Thank you for sharing. I understand that you can't trust the government to protect you and you feel like you have to take the risk to ensure your health. It's hard to let others think you are selfish when in fact, it's your right to choose. I can totally understand why.
Does the thought of other people doing the same thing make you feel guilty? I can relate. I think it should be fine. It's not like you're compromising the health of anyone by not doing what feels right for you.
I think that's true! We all do. But even if there were no cases, I could just see it as one person contributing to an outbreak of some kind. As for your running experience, I don't think I could keep up with that distance or pace for very long.
That is a good goal to set. Safety first, then understanding. I know what you mean about feeling indignant. Everyone needs a safe and secure space to sleep and eat. We need a safe and secure whole world.
I see, it sounds like your perspective has become very concrete. It seems like you feel strongly that being outside puts others in risks and is likely that you are right. In your opinion, the risks to the others are worth the benefits.
No problem! Hope you got through this and had a productive conversation. Stay safe and healthy! Take care! Have a wonderful rest of the evening! 😊 👍! :)! :) :)! :) :)! :) :)! :) :)! :) :)! :) :)! :) :)!
While that is certainly not a motivator, your expressions are from a place of vulnerability. I am here to listen. That sounds like a real problem, indeed.
That's the spirit! I'm sure you did a great job, we'll see what the future holds. Thank you! I look forward to talking with you again. Stay safe! Are you free to talk again today? Oh and by the way - we can't actually chat right now.
Just wanted to ask again and to let you know that you're more than okay! :) Take care of yourself and your family. Stay safe. Have a great day. Can I go now? Thank you for speaking with me :) :) Hopefully, I can help you again someday. Bye!
OK, I am very glad. Have a good time moving on with your life! Stay safe! :) Okay to go :) :)! :) :) :) :)! :) :) :)! :) :)! :)! :) :)! :) :)! :)! :) :) :) :)! :) :) :) :)!
I can see you're going to be fine. It's been great talking to you too! Have a great rest of your day. Bye! 😊, Thanks for being honest about how you're feeling. :) Hope you get a nice shot of serotonin today. 😊!
Thank you. Have a good day, friend! Bye for now. Try to stay safe out there. Bye! :) That will take about 1 minute for you to reply! :) :) :) :) and don't worry, we all get through this thing. Try to stay calm!
Yes, I do hope you are okay and have a good day! Alright, I think we're done now. Goodbye! Thank you. :) and all the best to you! :) :) :) :) :) :)) work finished and you can go home now :) :))!
Why? Tell me more about the situation! What is causing your worry? may I ask?! :D. than any way to help you with your problems, if you don't mind.!
Of course, pandemic and economic downturn are super stressful times. I understand how difficult and concerning that is for you right now. Do you have any workplace or personal relationships to speak of? Or do you have any other allies in the community to confide to?
I understand it's a scary time to be dealing with, but I want to assure you that the vaccines have been very effective and a critical step towards helping us return to a sense of normalcy. In the meantime, if you could reduce the social distancing measures, I would worry less about it.
You're absolutely right. Is there something specific that you feel you could do to cope? Or is it more about what the future might hold? I'm here to help in whatever way I can. This is the one thing I can offer for free.
So, you are concerned about being informed without becoming overwhelmed by the news? I totally understand. Is there anything specific you're worried about the pandemic?
Is it pandemic related that you are worried about? Some people feel a lot of stress about it, but there's been nothing to cause anxiety at this time. Or are there concerns that it will come back? If I recall the right question, is it affecting you personally?
Do you have friends? Friends make great listeners, and sometimes just being able to talk through one's worries helps to get things sorted out. Friends aren't as likely to be watching every move you make, you know! Smiling and laughing can help calm you down as well.
It's my pleasure. I feel much better now than I did just a few minutes ago. Have you talked to anyone that you feel comfortable talking to about this? If you haven't, perhaps you should. Some people take things and add to them.
If I have time after a full workday or school day, I like to fit in a workout. And time with my family, of course, doesn't have to be long in my mind; I need to make time for spending time with them.
I have seen friends and family having anxiety issues, but I've learned so much from my struggles with it. It may not have directly helped me, but it definitely helped me learn the importance of patience, patience, patience, and compassion.
Sounds like that is a valid concern. I've learned to stick to the smaller community I've been building. Keep to your own crowd. They will treat you right. Trust your instincts. If the people around you are not trusted, they might be deceptive or manipulating. Always be careful.
I have ended chats for the same reasons, so you're welcome. Thank you for the conversation! Are you okay? Hopefully you are. Hopefully, things are going well in your life. Would you like to take a deep breath and laugh for me? Even if it's just for a minute.
Hello! Is there something specific you want to talk about? I am here to listen. Is there anything on your mind that makes you feel sad? For example, has something happened in your life lately that is making you feel sad?
Sure, what is the problem you are facing now? How long you have been facing this? Is it a mental health issue? Share your thoughts, I will listen. We can find some healing for you.
Hi! Please tell me that you are not feeling alone during this pandemic situation. Is that correct? Why are you feeling sad? I will help you to find a solution. Do not forget to breathe and stay safe. Also I will be at your service.
I have been through similar situation. And I have learned some important lessons. You should be proud of yourself for having been strong enough to go through this situation alone. You must have strong character. It was a tough time, but now you are stronger and healthier.
So, if you are single, you are doing very well for yourself and don't worry about others. Maybe you don't need anyone to do anything but your self. Don't worry that people are going through tough times, so they are not going to do anything to make you happy.
So you guys had a problem and the relationship ended. Maybe you can seek help from a professional. Maybe go to counseling. You will find someone who will help you to overcome the problem. Maybe this situation will create an opportunity for you to be with someone who will help you.
yes you should talk to him and give some suggestions to him. He should be looking into my perspective and what will help him is going to be discussing with me. Please try to do this and give me suggestions. If possible you can request his family also try to talk with them as well.
I suggest my suggestions to him. I am sure that he will hear them. I would say to him to talk to you in covid time so that he will get to know your point of view and you can understand his reason of ending the relationship. Do you think that he will hear them?
Maybe i can help you to find your partner. Please ask him to meet with you to understand each other and talk to you that is the best solution to reconcile him and you. Also, please suggest him to come to your house and have a face to face meeting with you.
If you can't do the same, then it's good for you to move on from that relationship. So, try to focus on yourself and your family. Go for holidays, eat your favorite food, sleep well and forget about him :) you will get back your life.
I suggest you take a few week of vacance and then start fresh with your life. try to go out to a different place and meet new people. make friends with people from different place. The virus is taking over so, stay safe and healthy.
yes that's how it works. You have to remember your feelings and then go ahead and try to be patient for a while. Our loved ones are there for us only when we need them most. Don't get angry with each other. Forgive each other and move ahead.
I think you can overcome this. Try to plan for relaxation. Reading, talking with friends and more. That is the key to overcome this. Believe me, I have to go from one city to another to find new house. And more stress.
no problem. Good bye!. Please press quit to get the end of the survey.
so you're feeling anxious about school work. How long have you been feeling this way? Due to Covid? Or just all at once? Is there anything in particular that has made you feel this way? could you tell me more? I'm happy to help if I can.
When did this happen? Was it recently or has it been going on for a while? It would seem it has been going on for a while. It would seem you haven't been able to shake it off! Perhaps you could talk to a family member? Maybe someone you know?
Oh I understand. I have been there myself, so that is always scary. However, I also think, I can overcome it by staying focused. Especially, because you are the one who is worried. So, how do you plan to handle this pressure? I know you can!
I am sorry to hear that - if you tell your mother how you are feeling, I am sure she would see things from your perspective. Some people are more extreme in their expectations. I have used the "rule of three" with my own parents.
I think that maybe your worries are not about what your parents think of you, but rather what your grades are like. Have you tried to explain your concerns to them? Or do they dismiss your worries? Is there anyone else who could give you advice? Or perhaps a councilor?
You should be proud to go to college for the right reasons and not for your grades. Maybe talk to her about this? I know she could be shocked to hear what you have said! You can't really pressure anyone in that way. It can be really damaging in the long term.
So, I understand that you feel a bit anxious about how she is going to feel about you doing well. Is that right? Have you had conversations with her? If so, how did you find the conversations? If not, perhaps you should try to do that.
Yes I understand. I really feel for you and I understand your situation. I would love to give you a boost! However, I'm a strict online advisor and I have to follow guidelines. I can't actually meet you in person but can help you find some suggestions.
You don't need a lot of money to attend college. There are many scholarship programs that will be more than enough for most students. What school do you attend? And what is your class schedule like? Perhaps you could consider going back to a community college in the near future?
Oh there is nothing wrong with facing your fears. I know you will come out of this better off. Do you have any kind of contact with your friends who may be able to offer you guidance? Perhaps a support group? I know you will be okay. When do you start next year?
I am glad to hear that! Is there anyone else that you are close with who you could talk to? Maybe a counselor? The schools offers free student services. It could help you solve your stress. I think you need to call it in! Try to know how to ask for your help!
Well, have you considered doing the summer work before the next semester starts to help pay off your debt? Many students do it for a few months to get it down before classes start. I can think of a job recently that paid me $12 an hour and would pay off some of my debt.
Well that's something! Do you find you can balance your work and hobbies and vice versa? Some people find that they must put a lot of time into one area to make progress in the other. Perhaps you could try prioritising?
Well, do you think that if you try to put yourself in your friends' shoes, they might start to make you see the things that you are missing? Also, perhaps looking into social support can help you with your stress and anxiety?
I think that if you feel better when talking to them, you should really do it more often? It's normal to feel anxious sometimes and talking through it is such a good way to get your thoughts out!
I see that I am not your personal problem, do you feel that this is not your personal failing? That it is not that you are lazy or that you are not trying hard enough? I hope that you can feel that you are doing your best.
I'm sorry to hear that and hope that this has given you a bit of advice. Do you think you might be able to talk to your friends again and discuss the situation further? I think that you might find it helps. So many people struggle with this in the pandemic!
Are you able to go out in groups of at least 3 people? I think if you were to get out in groups more often it would help you to feel more at ease. Is that possible for you? Have you had any form of therapy recently? Many people help them out with anxiety!
Hi how are you? What is your name? I know you told me but I wanted to ask. I don't seem to know. Can you give me a little information? Your side of the conversation. How are you doing today? Please tell me what's on your mind.
So you have been doing a lot of presentations, you are finding them stressful and hard to get to sleep. Is that correct? I can get frustrated, too, sometimes stressful, events that I am performing in. so I know you are experiencing a lot of stressful moments with your presentation.
I totally understand how you are feeling, I've been in your situation before. I think that you must know where you are going for a reason, unless you haven't been communicating as well as you should.
Perhaps you could practice in front of your friends or family. This can help build your confidence. Do you have any friends or family that you could talk to about your concerns? This could be a good place to start, since you've already talked about your concerns.
From my perspective, I think it is also a performance and you need to have confidence in what you are presenting. From my own experiences, if you don't feel confident about yourself, you will not be as confident on stage.
There are many resources online that you can talk to in an one on one setting. It can be beneficial. Here are a few. They are there to help. You don't have to be alone. :) I understand. It is normal. And everyone has been in your shoes.
I believe I could help you. You have been prepared so do not let the stage fool you. Just be yourself. Remember to stand tall and proud. Don't let anyone or anything dictate what happens. You are special and something you can't figure out right now. Just relax and enjoy.
You should focus on the positive qualities you possess. What are the most positive qualities about you? Find those, try to push that out of your mind while you are on stage. I hope that helps! Good luck with your presentation! I am sure you will do an amazing job.
The speaker can be tough, we all need to come to some form of self-acceptance and have a plan to overcome our fears. Meeting people and performing in front of them would be quite exciting, I bet! So enjoy this! Don't let fears dictate your opportunities!
You are doing the right things, and you can do it. Having a support system could be helpful too. For example, a mentor, or family and friends that can encourage and support you.
My pleasure. Good luck! You got this! :) Enter your results survey. Thanks for your help! :) Thanks!! :) :)! :) :) :)! :)) :) :) :))! :) :) :) :))! :)) :))!
I am good, thanks for asking. How can I help you? Is there something bothering you? I am all ears :)... maybe we can chat about it. I feel that this is a safe place to be. Can I do anything for you? Is there anything I can do for you?
Oh, what has made you feel depressed? Perhaps I can offer you some guidance. How long has this been happening? How is this affecting your day to day? Have you tried anything recently? Remember you are not alone, there are resources out there. Would you like me to suggest some?
That can be very difficult. Even with children, COVID pandemic is causing difficulties. Is that correct? It really makes you feel anxious. That's understandable. There are more online programs out there that you can do from home.
You may spend some time with your family, engaging in activities you enjoy and participate in digital activities. If you can't do that, try to move to a different place to keep yourself and your job at the same time. Don't forget to rest.
It can be pretty overwhelming to deal with. This is often described as a "psychological crisis." Are you near any friends or family? Friends are always helpful. There are loads of online ways for support if you'd like. Zoom etc. Do you have these?
I hope you find yourself better in the coming days, whichever they bring! :) It's been a pleasure to chat with you. I hope you see that I have tried to support you today. :) Thank you for opening up. You can too! i hope you do feel better!
If you are finding it hard, just be honest with yourself about what is causing the problem. Is it work? Or perhaps the state of the world? We all have different minds. You are strong enough to handle such distress.
You are an incredibly responsible person. So don't let the challenges get you down. You have to be prepared to step up, too! Just try to think positively and get through the rest of the year. A lot of great things are to come.
Communication is key, as are one's own health and well-being. You are strong and prepared, trust that the vaccine will come soon and help. Time heals all wounds! It has in my opinion. Is there anything else I can help you with? Can you see anyone today?
By the end of the year, it's likely that things will start to normalize and better. Hopefully, you are still in business, which can give you a little bit of hope. On a personal level, focus on your health and well-being - which makes you feel more positive.
I understand. And sometimes, it can be more difficult to be away from friends than to see friends in person. But that distance also gives you the opportunity to observe and feel more at peace. And it might give you the feeling of more closeness, so to speak.
I'm glad I could be of help! Do you have any other questions? I'm happy to help in anyway I can! Great ending to a great day!
I am just living through this for now. I've never been in a situation like this. It's temporary for me. And I have good friends too who support me. And i have so many people online who care too, you will get through this! Have a nice night.
Oh I can understand that. Is it a big group assignment or something like that? I'm so sorry to hear you are feeling anxious about that. Do you need help to break it down? For example? What is the topic of the paper? Do you have a team?
Okay, I hope you have fun tonight then. But seriously I know that your anxiety will get worse if you continue drinking. Have you heard of talk therapy? I would definitely suggest it. It has worked for me in the past. There is definitely a counselor somewhere in your area!.
Your buddies will understand. That's the best thing! A good night out will definitely take your mind off things. Do you have other plans for Monday? Perhaps take it easy? I like to take the day after to clear my head. Do you? On Tuesdays?
Take care, how are you feeling at the moment? Can I help you in any way? :) Is it related to your papers? I am happy to help out however I can. Did you have time to check if you are meeting your deadlines? I am free tomorrow to help.
Are you still planning on getting an extension? Or is it not that far from Monday? Maybe finish the assignment before you go out? Or could you make it during your college credits break? Would that be something you'd be interested in?
Don't be so hard on yourself. You could always do some maths in your head and hope that when you get home you don't have trouble with it. Do your best you can. You will be better tomorrow! Keep trying! :) And don't overdo it!! :D.
I think I have to get out of here too :) Thanks for chatting with me!
Or so I have heard :D Thank you for being honest. I really appreciate it. Things can't get any worse, right? Stay positive. We all got to do this :) :) It's not like you have any other choice. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Oh man. My sister was always creative, tranked with all sorts of drugs and so on. Had the kind of soul intact. She thought she was a living god and so on. I don't regret it but sometimes you just have to do things the way they're meant to be.
oh yeah, the more you do it the more you'll understand what you're doing. The trouble is, what if you're doing it wrong? :D kinda like so many things in life :P. *steal your look* exactly. :D :P :D.
Trust me, life has its limits. I have had to get help over time and it's terrible how some people treat you after that. Sorry about that :) i just deal with it and then just pick up the pieces. You will be okay.
From what I have heard from my friends it's not just college and work :) It is all relationships. But on a more serious note, I think you are going to do it :D Oh and get your studies done first.
Ok, so it is a bit of a confidence builder for you. Well do the assignment now and leave your worries behind.
Be really grateful for what you have :). Where are you? Somewhere nice I hope? So many people everywhere now.. :). Sorry I am getting a bit annoying at the end of the day :). Is this a check in? Is there anything else you wanted to talk about? :).
And good luck! Do hope you had a good chat! :) and good luck with your exam. Can't wait to hear how it goes!
I see. What made you stressed? Tell me more. Maybe I can suggest some way to pass it. What is the deadline for? What kind of work? Thank you for sharing. Can I help you?
Ah, that sounds like a stressful situation for you. Did you try to keep your mind calm and by focusing on your work? I personally have the habit of deep breathing to help me relax. Hope you can find a way to manage your stress and complete the deadline. Good luck!
Well, I was stuck in that same situation a long time ago. I hope you will see it as your first important deadline. Take a few deep breaths and help yourself to that delicious coffee.
That must be very difficult for you. Do you have people who can support you? If not, they should consider it. You should tell your colleagues you can't meet the deadline this time. They will understand.
No, I don't. It's a good idea to plan your tasks and then focus on the most important tasks first. And do the tasks in a way that don't overlap with each other. That's how I do it.. Try to do tasks that doesn't overlap with other tasks.
By setting realistic work load, you will be able to manage your work effectively. This way, your stress levels will be less. Do you feel that it's not possible? :) How many days do you have for completing the work? Maybe we can establish a strategy together.
You can take all the time you need. If you leave it alone, it will work on you naturally. My own experience is whenever you concentrate, your mind starts to calm down. Thank you for speaking up for yourself! Good luck. I hope this helps.. :) I really appreciate your time.
We should have a couple of the basic techniques.. like drawing, yoga, listening music etc. I do meditation after every hour. It helps a lot.... you can start now! :) meditation, yoga, eating healthy, reading books..
Try to take a step and look at your present thoughts. If you face any issue, don't try to escape, help yourself, help others. The help can get easier when you become stronger. It is a tough job, and most of the time, you will struggle with what you do.
you're welcome. Hope you will be able to finish this project in days. Good luck. :) Have a great day :) :) :) :) :) :)) Nice conversation.
Hi there! How are you? Do you want to talk about something? I am listening. ;) What is on your mind today?
have you made an appointment with a therapist yet? everyone goes through this. you should give it a shot. I think you will do great. it's hard to feel yourself when you are stressed. you are doing a very healthy thing by making an effort to improve yourself.
You sound like a wife who is depressed and grieving because of her situation, does she know that you are unhappy? I think that you need to talk to her about how you are feeling about everything that is happening. You need to talk to her about how you are depressed.
i know your making your best effort to find the right solution but it may take some more days to get that finalized and the situation is awful right now, both at home and in the work place. Do you have friends in your area who you could call and do some dinner?
are you available to get married if the immigration things are ruled out? Maybe there are local churches that will do it for you? I am not a lawyer. I am sure there are free government lawyers that will help you with that.
thats amazes me, how do i help you at this time? :) is there anything that can help you get over the pain of losing someone which have been together for 3 years? would you like to try counseling?
so what was your plan for the wedding? are you getting ready for it? how is that going on? Are you trying to contact your fiancée through some channel of communication? i can see that you are thinking forward to the wedding and getting excited and close with your fiancée now.
also your fiancée from Indonesia is in the USA and can have business visa as well. i would just go to the immigration office to resolve the visa issue for the couple. you can also ask the immigration office to extend the visa for you to marry your fiancée in Indonesia first.
any other ideas? any money saved by closing borders?
ok, good to meet you! take care! all the best!
You too! stay safe!
Bye. Take care. Stay safe from COVID :). Happy New Year to you too :) :)! :)! :!). Happy New Year!! :) :)! :) :)!! :)!! :!! :)! :) : :)! :) :)! :) :)! : :) :)!
I am good. How are you? Is there anything I can do to help? Am I in the US right now? A lot of your issues came to me in Vietnam. I feel that I can get you there! Would you like me to provide some examples?
So, you are being unsure about your emotions, would you say? You are in a tough spot, and I can understand. I would suggest you seek out advice. You know, someone to talk to, people whom you trust. It might help you move forward.
How did you feel about the guy you dated who did not respond to your messages? Did he seem uninterested or unresponsive? Or was he just busy and didn't respond?
That's great. Do you feel you can get out of it without anyone noticing? Or are you willing to ask for the right questions? By asking, you will know what they want out of the relationship. That is what I always do when it comes to my relationship.
It's a different world out there. There's a stigma attached to getting older, but you sound like a wise person. Have you thought about getting advice from a therapist or counselor? Someone who can help you through all of this.
Wow, I didn't expect things to be that difficult to find a relationship that is in your head. But it's great you are trying to be aware of what's best for you. Does your aunt feel the same way?
I completely understand that. I have been in the same situation and am working towards finding the right person for me. I have found that finding someone who is caring and will put in the effort, that's the most important part for a relationship.
What is your name? I don't know, but from our conversation I feel I am a willing listener to you. I am not going to try to keep you listening if you just want to leave, but I don't want you to leave unless you really want to.
I think that even if they find out about you, they should respect your decision. It would be really hard for them to stay. Sometimes you only know yourself and what you want. When it comes down to it, it's the easy choice. This will give them the freedom to choose themselves.
I think you will make the right choice in what you want. If he shows jealousy and aggression, it's time to know when he can't compete with your heart. Take care! Have a great day! Cheers! :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :)! :)! :) :)!
Do you think someone might try to make a move on you again if things do work out with the guy? Maybe let your friends in on things to give you more options. On the other hand, he doesn't know you, so that can help as well.
Have a great night! Bye! :) :( (this one is at the end) Good bye from your end. :) :) :) :) Enjoy your life! :) :>)! :) :)! :--) :) :--) :--) :) :) :)! :--) :) :)! :) :) :)!
hi how are you doing today? in your english the "how are you doing today?" is corrected to "how are you? doing today?" or "how are you doing today?" which is a standard english. than "hello how are you?" is used.
Oh that is okay we all get down sometimes. What's going on? Was there something you wanted to talk to me about? I'm listening so feel free to talk. 🙂aghettiinesus in my throat right now. 😊You good? 🙂? 😊are you okay?
I know its tough right now. You should feel happy you've still got that money coming in the first month of the year. Something to put you at ease. Maybe try to think about all the stuff you can still do with that money to make things better for now.
Well it's not a very easy situation and I know it's frustrating especially with all the uncertainties that are going on right now. Do you feel like you have support from your company? Maybe an employee resource center or something that could help you out a little?
How long have you been looking for another job? Should I ask how long you've been in your current position? Is there anyone you've interviewed yet? I'm curious I dont know what kind of help you need.
Some folks seem to be having trouble handling the pay cuts I hear. Is there a chance of an adjustment in pay? It may be worth asking your boss what options might be available. Were there any complaints in the past year about paying too little?
I can relate to the feeling of having to be proactive in finding a new job. I would try writing a letter asking if you could be placed on their resume. I'd hope they respond in a positive way.
I completely understand I would want to do the same thing. Do you think you might be able to get a scholarship or something? This would help your hiring process even more. I've also thought to look into online job boards because there are a lot of positions out there.
No problem. I am a mom of two young kids. A lot of free time to search. It all may start out really hard at first but in the long run things are easier. Is there anything you might be interested in doing today or sometime in the near future?
Can you explain to me more about remote work? What kind of company would i be open to working with and there are other jobs for. I am trying to get into help tenders.
I personally have been working online i used to drive for Uber and do that i just like the freedom of the life and it seemed like a way for me to have a bit of a career change and i used to drive for Pizza Hut and Uber at night and on the days for a paycheck i have
Of course I hope you find something you like to do or something you can help others with. That is what it is all about and i know you can do it. You got this! I am sorry i have to end it but i hope i have been able to help you!
it is really nice to meet you and i hope you get the job you are looking for! I am here to help if you need anything else :) Have a great day!
Hi! How are you? How can I help you? Do you want to talk about your feelings? I can listen. I'm ready! Thank you! Let's talk! What's on your mind? Tell me! I'm all ears! Sound good? What's going on?
Okay. Can you talk a bit more about it? I'm here to listen. What do you mean you've been better? Was something happen? Are you feeling better? Are there any problems you'd like to talk about? Can I help? Does not have to be hard.
I see, I have seen the same increase in expenses too. Is it possible that they are not necessarily an increase in costs, but rather an increase in taxes, etc? Perhaps there are ways to mitigate the effects. There might be some company change that you could take.
That must be a difficult decision to make. Can you tell me more about what you do currently? Is it related to your passion? Not only does your job bring joy to you, but if so, could you tell me what it is? Maybe discussing this more might help.
You do sound extremely strong willed. I think your courage to ask and try out a new job would be very fulfilling. That also brings me back to something I said earlier regarding more money. How does that feel? Do I sound right? What is it about a new job that you want?
We can do this! Good luck and stay safe. I hope you have another fantastic and fulfilling year! :-) ðŸ˜Š Your friend from local meetup made a great suggestion. Enjoy the rest of your evening!
Are there any villages that are close to your workplace? For example, can you live there? Have you gone to local events to see where they are? And are there any nearby opportunities? Sometimes you look at what is close by and there are usually multiple options.
From what I have researched, if you do this you may be able to get more of a break from the difficult financial situation you are in right now. You can discuss with your employers about possible solutions. I'm sure they would want to make your life better by offering any necessary assistance.
It was a pleasure to chat with you. You're very welcome! Have a great day! Bye! :) :) *hear a digital friendly smile* :))! :)! :)))! :)) :))) :)) :)) :)) :) :) :)!
We should. I'll see you on the flip side. Take care! :). Bye for now.
Sorry to hear that. Have you told anyone else recently? Do you have a plan of what you want to do with your free time at the moment? Do you have someone to talk to about your feelings? Maybe your friends? Maybe your family? I am happy to listen!
Oh so you feel you are not yourself, in that case the best way to deal with things might be therapy to explore why it all happened? What might have caused the breakdown? What do you think happened? Do you have a plan to pick yourself up?
That can be quite a difficult experience to go through but with time it will all come to an end. Have you thought about talking to a mental health professional about this? They can help you work through your feelings. I'm proud of you for being so proactive!
I understand how you are feeling - I was in a similar situation recently. I think it's very hard. Does that sound right to you? Do you think you can see a way to get over it?
Maybe you might be able to go on a holiday and give yourself a little break from the situation. Remember how much you used to love this person? Are you sure you want to be with them anymore? Have you talked to anyone about this?
You may have made some genuine mistakes, or maybe she was just unlucky. One thing is for sure though, you can never go back. Do you think there is anyone else you could go and see? Perhaps a friend?
I am not a professional, do you feel as though you need advice? I think it might be good to write it down in your diary first, though. What happened? What did you say? What did she say?
I think you could just say something like... "You can go wherever you want to". And then you should stay away from her for at least that time. But please don't try to make any kind of contact until she has given you some space. It's all just part of the process.
All the best for next week! Yes, take care. I wish you all the best!
Well, Larry, I can tell you are very disappointed with your job and feel like you are shameful, how do you feel? You're not shamed? I'm sorry you feel that way. What is your job? What kind of job is it? What kind of work do you do?
Wow, that is a really responsible job. I can see why you might feel that it is not rewarding. I would love to hear more about it, do you find it rewarding, good paid? And how does it compare to other jobs? Are there any other ways that you could do it?
Have you tried therapy? I have done it, and had a really positive experience with it. It can be a real confidence booster. It really helps. And more importantly, helps you to see that you are not alone in feeling this way.
I am very sorry that my job is completely unfulfilling. It sounds like you feel you are wasting your potential by going into an unfulfilling job. That must be very difficult. What seems to be the main reason that you are having these feelings? Is it the pay?
I would encourage you to look at job books, perhaps one that is looking for job at your current workplace. You could try negotiating a lower pay point, and see if there are any other benefits you could negotiate.
Just hearing that makes me wish they would provide us with some healthier morale. It's always better to stay in a better place. I have lost my job too, even though I wasn't really happy about it. Do you feel the anger over it? It's totally understandable.
Would it be possible to build up your motivation and energy by doing something that makes you happy, like reading, to engage yourself in activities that make you feel good. That would give you the motivation to feel better and more empowered. Do you have any hobbies?
Ah I understand that. It is always best to follow your heart to take a leap of faith to something more fulfilling in life. It is really not easy to find a new job, especially in this economy. Maybe try different options for summer time for a job.
As you progress through life, and are able to make the necessary changes, what do you plan on doing in the next 2 years? Or, what kind of professional would you like to have? I have found that working in health care has been rewarding to me.
Oh, it can't be easy dealing with uncertainty like that. Do you think it will be a problem to not know who your manager is until later? I know it would be unsettling.
Oh, yeah. Are you looking for any new hobbies to try? Knowing things might be feeling bleak for you. Springtime, though is supposed to be lovely. Maybe take a walk outside and watch flowers grow? There might be ways to do that on a computer or by yourself.
Are there other ways you are trying to occupy yourself? Maybe a new hobby? Or perhaps some reading? There are a lot of programs out there that are online that you can use for free! Is that an option you could consider?
Well I do hope you try that! It could be just what you need to start feeling better! The sun seems like it's coming out from under the clouds, it's hard to believe the winter is over! Hope things are going better for you!
You're very welcome. Is there anything else you'd like to talk about? Do you have any other items on the list you'd like to look over? Is there a manager you'd like to talk to in the future about anything? The phone number is at the end of the chat.
Sure you are welcome. Have a good day. :) And you! :D ;): ; ): ;) ;) haha! ;); ; ):!
