What sort of problems were in your past and now?
What was happening in your life that made you lose interest?
It sounds like that is a lot of reasons to be stressed. Have you spoken to a school counselor?
I agree it is a lot of pressure, but do not let bad teachers deter you. I would reach out to a school counselor and let them know your situation. Every school must have one.
Also, physics is a difficult course to study, but if you chose it, that means you have a very strong mind.
More reason to speak to a school counselor or school administrator. We need to provide help to students, not have bad teachers deter them.
What made you choose this particular university you are at?
Have you looked into other Universities for the possibility of transferring
Just think about what you want in a good university and research from there
You're welcome I hope you find the perfect university for you
Goodbye
That sounds like a difficult situation. How long has this been going on?
What is your co-worker doing exactly? Saying things about you? Gossip to your boss?
It sounds like your co-worker doesn't trust your abilities. Does the co-worker have a legitimate reason to ask for the report? Is it important to the company?
The co-worker hopes to get in their good graces by looking productive. is that right?
Ok. This has been going on for some time. Is it possible to discuss the matter with your manager? With HR?
That's a challenging situation! What do your other co-workers think of this behavior?
Would you feel comfortable talking to them about this issue?
I suppose it depends how you frame the issue to them. If you say, "So-and-so is bothering me and I can't stand it" then you are complaining.
However, if you ask them for their opinion,
and say, "What has your experience with so-and-so been?" it might open up a conversation.
I'm doing well. How are things going with you?
Oh no, that must be so frustrating for you.
So you were partners in the development of the software and both put in a lot of work? Did you have any indication that he might try to defraud you?
So it feels like he took advantage of your friendship. That must be hard, but don't beat yourself up about it.
Let's come up with some safeguards for the future to avoid more incidents.
What do you think you might have done differently? You can only control your behavior, not the other guy's. Could you have put a contract in place?
Or have a shared Google drive where you both put all the information relevant to the development and marketing?
You doing okay?
It was nice talking with you, and I do hope I helped you feel more in control of your next business venture. It's okay to feel that anger at your (former) friend, too. Use that feeling to work through things and I'm sure you'll be feeling more optimistic soon.
Hi can I help you today? I am here to listen.
Do you have anything happen recently that has you feeling badly?
Oh I am really sorry to hear that, DId you have the same job for a long time? That sounds very difficult to deal with.
Thank you for sharing and reaching out for support today. It takes a lot of courage and I commend you for taking the steps to reach out.
!0 years is a very long time and I would think you have probably learned a lot working at the same place for that long. You're a dedicated employee.
That is really unfair and hard to deal with are you close to any famliy?
Do you have any close friends to talk to about any new job prospects?
That is a positive outlook and is good to hear that you know you have skills to offer. Would you consider joining a new group at a church or something like that?
I am sorry that you're feeling stress. Have you ever used writing as a tool to relax?
Oh, wow then you do have a lot of contacts and some support or at least understanding. Music is a great way to relax and that id very positive in your life and current situation.
That is a great outlook. Thank you for sharing today.
Thank you for reaching out today amd letting me listen.
I would suggest getting a pet if you are up for it. They can be support animals.
I can understand that feeling. I think maybe fish would be a distraction you may like to.
I understand and believe you have a great focus on a career. I am proud of you and your focus ability.
You're welcome I can be available to listen or bounce ideas of off as much as you need.
That is the goal and what we strive for. You are welcome.
Bye, have a wonderful day.
No need to worry and I am sure you will be able to overcome this.
I had same issue with my sleep pattern and I did few things such as stretching exercise one hour before sleep.
I used few from plate but you can any like arms, legs and etc - full body stretching.
It was really good and I also did lot of physical work throughout the day which helped a lot in falling a sleep at night.
Few other tips - life style changes, breathing exercise, reduce screen use, reduce stress, being more active.
Yes You don't have to try all but just start with two to three first like breathing exercise, stretching and reduce screen usage.
I am sure you will see the difference in few days after trying these.
After trying these my sleep patterns improved a lot - I am still doing it.
Please let me know if you need any further help.
Amazing feeling when you have sound sleep
Hope suggestion I have given enough if not please let me know if you need any more help.
I am not so bad. Is there anything you'd like to discuss with me today?
Are you not happy in your current job? It's a bad time to be job hunting really.
What sort of work are you looking for? Would you be prepared to take something outside of your usual field?
Sometimes it is necessary to take a temporary job that you don't really like just to make ends meet alas.
Well true but if there's no work out there that will help build your career you kind of don't have much choice ;)
Have you thought of taking some sort of refresher or training course? There are quite a few available.
Hmmm well how are your computing skills? That's a great field to be in at the moment.
Well that would be an interesting thing to learn don't you think? Though I don't know much about them myself I must admit.
It would but if you've nothing better to do due to the pandemic it might be worth it
Have you considered registering with employment agencies for temp work?
Me too. It can be a bit soulless but it does pay the bills when you don't have anything else to do.
Anyway I hope that I have been able to help you a little and that you are feeling a little more positive about things?
Hello, How are you?
I'm sorry to hear that. What has caused it to start?
I understand your feeling of being upset, I would be too. Do you think it may have something to do with the pandemic, or possibly something else?
I'm sorry to hear that. I've dealt with something similar earlier this year myself. I know how you are feeling. Have you tried to reach out to her and let her know how you've felt?
I'm sorry to hear that. I've dealt with something similar earlier this year myself. I know how you are feeling. Have you tried to reach out to her and let her know how you've felt?
I see. I would feel the same way if it were in your position. You seem like a person who would go above and beyond for a good friend.
You do seem like a wonderful person, and anyone who is your friend would be lucky to say so. It does sound like your husband may be right. or even just taking a break for a little bit.
I totally understand that, especially with how long the friendship was. Sometimes just a little time away from eachother works.
I would just distance it, and see if she reaches out in a week or so. if not, I would just reach out and see how everything is going.
You're welcome! I hope everything works out for the both of you.
Hi there - how can I help you this evening?
I can understand that, there are probably a ton of classes to select from.
What kind of skills to you want to gain?
That's great, the computer skills will help out a lot. And the programs help with writing skills too.
Do you have anyone like a counselor you can consult with to help you make a decision? When I was in school, I developed a relationship with the counselor so I felt comfortable asking.
Do you have anyone like a counselor you can consult with to help you make a decision? When I was in school, I developed a relationship with the counselor so I felt comfortable asking.
You sound like you have a good head on your shoulders and want to be able to get a good job when you graduate. I think it is wise to seek advice now.
Do you think you have a strategy? Talk to your professor and see if he can help or maybe he can provide another solution?
I wish you all the best - I am confident you will do great!
You are certainly welcome. I'm glad I could help.
Have a good rest of your evening.
I am doing well. Thanks for asking. It is really nice outside today.
Hopefully soon cases will be lowered due to the vaccine. How are you feeling about COVID?
I think so. I have my fingers crossed.
How are you feeling during this pandemic?
I understand. I have also been on edge during these times, one thing I did do is take all the precautions I could to ease my anxiety.
I am unsure at the moment. As the weeks continue I am sure we will hear more about the side effects. How are you coping during these times?
I am not. Are you? I am very appreciative of those front line workers, I often think about how hard it might be to be in their position.
One thing I do during my time at home (because we spend so much time at home) is to do yoga. It really helps stabilize my mood and be stress free from the virus. There are several of free Youtube that are amazing!
Of course anytime! I wish you the best. On the bright side, everything will hopefully get better soon. Very nice to talk to you as well.
Thank you! Have a great rest of your day.
I am doing well, thanks for asking! How are you?
I'm sorry to hear that. Can you describe what's going on?
What is your career, if you don't mind me asking?
That sounds like a very difficult major to study. That's a very notable goal!
I have had a similar experience. I am studying to become a certified optician at the moment.
Is there anything in particular that is making you feel this way towards your goal?
It sounds like you're worried a lot about your career's future, if that sounds correct?
I think that's a completely normal feeling. It shows that you really care about your future and where you're going.
It is! How long have you been studying civil engineering?
I understand, that is a tough situation to be in.
I think that's a completely normal feeling. It shows that you really care about your future and where you're going.
Yes, definitely.
I worked for a boss who gave me a chance when I was rather unhirable. I worked there for three years, but I was burning out hardcore. She was kind but she paid me much less than a normal professional would in that position, and took advantage of me.
She and her husband ran the business, but I continued to be burdened with extra responsibility, no extra money or benefits. Eventually, the gas station down the hill from us was hiring at a hiring hourly rate than I was receiving from them. I ended up leaving and going back to school.
But you have the well-being of three children to worry about. The older gentleman knows how to take care of himself.
Communication and Copmarative religious studies
*comparative
I'm thinking about going back for my masters but no I am not still in school.
That's excellent. I don't think you should take on this boss's emotions as a reason to stay with a job you're burning out on. I think you should take the small step of looking at what's out there, and maybe having a few interviews. You could try explaining to your boss that you need benefits for the kids. I would be surprised if he did not understand that.
And if he does not understand that, well, you will know exactly who you work for, and that will be additional impetus to move on.
Then I would think he would understand even more.
Hello! How are you doing today?
Hello! How are you doing today?
Sometimes I find that when I am doing less I end up being more exhausted.
Have you been spending any time outside or exercising? Science has shown that boost of endorphins you get from sunlight or exercise can help with energy.
I understand that it is easy to stay in bed all day until you absolutely have to do something.
Not having motivation is a tough feeling to overcome. I think a lot of people are suffering with this issue due to todays current affairs.
Do you think it could help you if you tried to spend some more time outside or exercising?
Even if you just do something easy like a walk around the block. Or sit in front of a window while the sun floods in on you.
Even if you just do something easy like a walk around the block. Or sit in front of a window while the sun floods in on you.
It sounds like you may be identifying some things that you could change?
That's great! I am glad to help. I am confident that you can overcome this time.
You are very welcome.
Hey! How can I help?
Yes please do
Have you explained to her that you NEED to work, and don't be upset with yourself because you did the right thing
If your friendship was strong she will surely unblock you
Give her time to cool down
You are not the one who is selfish here as you have done the right thing, and she will hopefully see that
If she doesn't then you know she wasn't worth your time in the first place
And no because this will make her more angry
If she is aware of how you feel, she will come back in due time
But for now, you should find other ways to make peace with yourself, for example, hanging out with other friends and that may take your mind of it
and if that isn't an option simply keeping yourself busy may help
Maybe spend more time with work, or keeping yourself occupied with other things
And she will come back if she really cared about your relationship in the first place
Your welcome, there is always someone out there for you :)
You too!
I am so sorry to hear that you lost your job. Did you work there for a long time?
I can understand that being used to a routine and then suddenly losing that can cause a lot of depression and confusing for you. Are you feeling lost?
I am proud of you taking the step to reach out today and share your feelings with me. That takes a lot of strength on your part.
You're welcome and yes I had a similar situation about a year ago. I had worked for the same company for 10 years and they laid me off. I was blindsided and very upset and felt depressed also. I started looking for jobs and found a better one that paid more, so it worked out for the best in the end.
I understand that you are feeling a deep sadness and a situational depression. I believe that when you takes steps forward and start applying for jobs then you will see a lot of opportunities are out there. Do you have any family that can be supportive to you through this difficult time?
You're welcome. Often sometimes local charities will help with putting together a resume and helping find you a job. Maybe you could reach out for assistance in creating a new resume?
I would recommend looking for an local group that help assist creating new resumes. Nonprofits have people who volunteer.
You're welcome, I would also suggest reaching out to your friends and family for support during this challenging time. You are a faithful employee and have a great future ahead.
You can always reach out to me and I can providing you a place to vent and express yourself and the feelings that you are having. Hopefully you feel like a plan to begin apply for new jobs is a start forward.
Thank you for being so strong and reaching out today. Have a great rest of your day.
I would be happy to continue if you have anything else you would like to say and of not kindly use the feature to finishing this session.
Thank you, the feature is provided to you and you alone. The button is for you to confirm you have finished and quit the session and would like to continue with your day. However, I am happy to talk as long as you are if you don't want to do that, I am unable to on my end.
Thank you, but it is actually red and located under your blue button feature. Thanks again for your time today.
Thank you, but it is actually red and located under your blue button feature. Thanks again for your time today.
Hi, I can't see the upper box that you can see, so what brings you to seek support?
I'm sorry, I cannot. Sadly, the program is bad.
You will have to restate your concerns.
I'm so sorry. I'm sure that would be very upsetting, and very concerning for your future. That sounds awful!
Okay, so it sounds like you cannot pay the bills, you are looking for a job, and the economic situation is tough right now due to the pandemic. This is your main concern for the conversation, then? To discuss how to secure another job?
Have you consulted with a job center, a life coach, or any other resource such as online websites? These may be useful.
I am sure you will be able to get a new job if you have the commitment. Maybe you can tell me a little more about what type of job you are looking for?
Okay, that sounds like a great start. Many jobs have moved to being remote, so I can see that as a great alternative. I know there are many covid tracing jobs by phone that pay well. Have you searched for those on any online websites? Would that interest you?
Wow, that is terrific! I know those are in high-demand right now, so I wouldn't be surprised if they did call you back. Your experience will definitely make you more marketable as well.
Have you had anyone look at your resume to see if improvements could be made while you wait?
Okay, that's great. Today, many resumes are not screened by humans, but by computers, analyzing for key words, first.
Have you had anyone look at your resume to see if improvements could be made while you wait?
I'm a bit tired too to be honest! Is there anything you'd like to talk about today? I'm ready to listen :)
I see. Are you finding it hard to function on not enough sleep? I have experienced that at times as well, and found it quite frustrating!
How much sleep are you getting now? Do you keep irregular sleep hours, e.g. the time you go to bed and get up?
I used to be a night owl, going to bed early in the morning. I reset my schedule very gradually. I went to bed 15 minutes earlier, and set an alarm for 8 hours later. I did that for 3 days, then I would ratchet it back another 15 minutes. It was a gradual process and the only way I could fix it.
Are you getting any exercise during the daytime?
Even a walk may help you sleep...I know it does for me, Jump ropes are a great idea! I was advised it's better to exercise earlier in the day, not too close to bedtime or it can affect sleep.
Do you have trouble getting to sleep or waking up in the night? Or is it more a case of just not feeling rested after your sleep?
I see. Sleep problems are very common you certainly aren't alone in this. With some changes I am confidant you can improve your sleep.
I listen to a really good podcast called Tracks to Relax. It's guided meditation that helps me deeply relax before I sleep.
sometimes I use it in the middle of the night too, if I can't fall back asleep!
I see. Sleep problems are very common you certainly aren't alone in this. With some changes I am confidant you can improve your sleep.
Is your room dark? Light blocking curtains can help.
And a small snack of carbs, like a peice of toast or some cereal, before bed can help too. As you can see I have tried many things myself as I too have had sleep issues.
I certainly know how feeling tired can impact one's life, I have found it frustrating when I have a lot to do and just don't have the energy.
You are very welcome, it's been a pleasure talking with you :)
Take care Nicholas! You as well.
I see you're feeling down today. What has you feeling that way?
I am so sorry to hear that. I've had someone close to be pass away recently and it can feel unbearable.
What ways are you trying to cope with losing your friend?
What kind of thoughts are you having?
You feel like he's still with you. There are experts that suggest the spirit lives on after death.
It sounds like you're afraid of the unknown. That can be be terrifying.
Do you think he talks with you while you're sleeping?
Is there anyway possible, maybe you're dreaming?
Do you feel like you're being haunted? Do you think you're friend wants to harm you?
I see. It may be difficult, but have you tried to put you're fear aside and listen to what he needs to tell you?
I see you're deeply bothered by your friends death. I know it would be hard, but possibly try to remember your friend wouldn't hurt you and find what your friend wants to convey to you.
If you're able to receive the message I hope you feel a little more peaceful.
Hello! How are you doing today?
I am so sorry to hear that, I'd love to understand more about what you are struggling with?
Oh no! I am so sorry to hear that. Academic probation does seem very scary. When did you learn you failed your finals?
And how long do you have until graduation?
I see. Well it's nice that we matched up! I actually work at a college and now a couple good strategies to get off academic probation, and or avoid it! What is it you are studying?
Oh that is awesome! So when do you find out whether or not you are on probation?
Okay gotcha. Well a couple tips I can offer you: If you do end up on probation, most courses offer a probation workshop you can go through. And if you graduate in June, it should finish in time for you! And I was also going to recommend taking fewer units. As much as it sucks, you can't overwhelm yourself with work. You need to be able to have a healthy and happy life that is separate from school in order to preform your best. Dropping your minor may be what is best for not only your grades, but your mental health
I also recommend making an educational plan. Although it can seem scary and long to see your goals directly laid out in front of you, it really helps with motivation
From talking with you so far, I can tell that you are stressed about this. But I want to reassure you that your mental health should always come first. It is the most important thing you can do.
You are definitely not a failure in the slightest! In fact, I would argue that you are the exact opposite of that. Being able to take such difficult courses in a pandemic, and raise a child shows how strong you are!
And you will succeed in that goal. You have the motivation and the care for it, you just need to focus on managing everything at once!
Have you thought about meeting with an academic advisor and laying out a plan?
Can you talk more about your feelings now?
I can completely understand your feelings. I can feel how stressed out you are about your weight.
Did you try doing more exercises and control your diet?
I have experienced similar situation. I talked to a consultant and he gave me some good advice on diet. Did you talk to a professional?
I talked to a nutritionist and it really helped. They are professionals who can look into your diet and give suggestions.
Can you hire a nanny and free your time?
Were you able to eliminate those foods?
Some gym provides free day care and you can drop to their day care before you start exercises.
Did you consider moving to cheaper locations?
yes, I can completely understand your situation. Just from chatting with you, I can see how many things are on your plates.
Did you guys seek professional help on relationship?
Hello dear how are you today
well, at the moment a lot of people seem to be stressed out about politics but on the brighter side, everyone is a winner
However, talk to me, why are you stressed?
I say this based on the number of clients that I have had in the past one week.
ooh wow, she must have really been pushing your nerves to the core right about the Biden win, right?
well look, One thing I have always learnt about people who push others to the core is that they always have that competitive spirit in them to always want to win while hurting others feelings
what do you think of that
I get it now. I believe she feels like she has finally gotten what she was yearning for after four years of Trumps administration and now she is elated that her candidate has finally won right?
well, let me ask you something. You've told me that you have been friends with her for a long time meaning that you understand her inside out right?
wow that's a long time. How about you letting her know how you really feel about what she is doing to you emotionally. What do you think the outcome might be?
I'm glad you feel better. but just a parting shot. Sometimes when one let's their friends know what is really bothering them makes the friends trust them more given that they are open with them and could tell them what they feel deep inside. That's what true friendship is about. It works wonders
You are welcome. Bye
Hello! How are you today?
I'm so sorry to hear that. Why are you feeling low?
Oh, wow that must be so hard. Breaksups are are always really difficult to process.
Have you tried talking about the breakup? Sometimes letting it out really helps.
THat is so hard. you can talk to me if you want, what was the cause of the breakup?
Oof that is a tough one. Did you agree?
That seems very unfair. You can try talking to him about your feelings ina. calm way.
sory abut that
I think you should talk to him logically. Think through all the reasons why you shold be together and how this can be resolved. Like, you won't use his card anymore and you can work on a budget together.
Great, i think it will work out for you!! i have faith. I recently went through something similar nad it helped me.
Anytime. I hope you guys can work it out.
Havea. good day!
What is it you're feeling frustrated about? I am happy to listen.
Would you like to tell me what sort of work it is? Perhaps I can help.
Ah that does not sound like my sort of thing. Why is it you're having trouble starting, do you think?
Well, I guess you could say that you won't get any results if you don't try though? :)
Do you think that the anxiety might have another cause - you might have general problems with anxiety?
Well, I have heard of a thing called Mindfulness but I have never tried it myself. It sounds like it might be very effective though
Or you could perhaps try and get some sort of counselling?
Yes it can be a vicious circle sometimes. What sort of cultural things do you mean?
Ah, yes I know that that can be very difficult. And yes, I can understand why you'd want to see someone who would understand that particular situation
I hope that I have been able to help and thank you for confiding in me!
I am hear for a while if you want to talk again :D You have to press quit first as I am not able to do so from my end.
here for a while sorry
no worries, all the best!
Would you care to elaborate about what you're feeling sad about?
I am sorry to hear that, that sounds difficult.
How have you been coping?
That can be really hard, have you been able to talk to anyone about it?
Do you find that to be helpful?
That's good, it's great to have a good support system.
I can imagine that's difficult, that would be a lot of close time together.
Have you been able to socialize with friends or colleagues?
That's understandable about the coworkers. Going out sounds like would be beneficial, just to at least spend some time with people who care about you.
Have you been able to engage in any other activities that help you cope/take your mid=nd off things?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would lean on my friends, family, and others for support such as a therapist (they're good for unbiased talking), I would also focus on hobbies and things that make me feel better. Most importantly be kind to yourself and allow your self to grieve.
That would be up to you, there's no timeline it's when you feel most comforable
There's no timeline on being able to date
Everyone has their own timeline, some of my friends have married in their late 40s and older
You have to do what's right for you
Have a good time with your friends.
hello how are you?
can i ask you,why you can't finish
hello how are you?
i think you need to be confident about your studies then you fell better
i think you need to take more online classes those can help you
because same think happen with me and i took online classes those help me a lot
*thing
i spend like 3 hours a day on online class
i think you need to take help from your family or friend those who know all about your studies
your welcome, thanks for sharing your problem
any time
good to talk with you,bye
Hi there, how can I help you?
OK, sure. Can you tell me what the problem is? I'll do my best to help.
I can understand that. It must be an important exam for you. Do you enjoy calculus?
I'm terrible at anything with numbers, myself!
A B is a great result!
Are there any revision courses that you can access to help refresh your skills?
This pandemic has really made it difficult to get anything done hasn't it.
Do you know of anyone else who is looking to take the course that you got revise together with?
I always find it easier to work through things like this with someone else.
There seem to be some really good online courses out there. It might be worth sending out enquiries to a number of tutors, asking them to get in touch as soon as they are free, and in the meantime working through something online to help build up your confidence?
I bet once you get into it again it will all come back to you. Sometimes getting started is the hardest part.
I think that if you got a B once, you can do it again, and if you really want it, which you clearly do, you can do anything! Aim for an A, you can do it!
And you too, good luck!
That must be so stressful!! Have you started studying?
I remember when i was in school, finals were always so stressful. I used to make sure that i took breaks, it really helped me keep my head on straight.
You can even find time to relax without taking a lot of time off, do you have any exercise you like doing?
Oh wow, i'm so sorry to hear that! How are you feeling now?
Have you tried meditating or mindfulness? When i broke my leg and couldn't exercise, it really helped me relax.
I'm sure! I'm very impressed that you are still wroking and in school despite being sick. You should feel proud of yourself
Praying is helpful! Mindfulness goes very hand in hand with it, if you look online, there are tons of free midnfulness classes and guides. I think it could really help you especially before a test.
That's really hard but i'm happy that you can stay home at least. HAve you been able to sleep and rest?
That's great! Family is the best medicine for being sick and stressed.
Do you get to talk to your parents often?
That's lucky! You;ll be great. Just be positive and study as best as you can. Since you've already been studying, you'll do great!
I'm glad to hear you're doing well in these trying times.
How have you been managing everything?
Same here, it's a tough time to do that after doing it so long. Especially with the holidays coming up.
Are you in close proximity to your family?
I imagine that can create some stress?
Well I'm glad to hear it, sounds like you've been managing pretty well then.
I assume that means you're in college then? So the stress of finals is over now?
That's good, I hope they went well for you.
Yes, now you can relax and spend time with your family without the added stress.
Well I hope you and your family enjoy the holidays and stay safe.
Thanks so much!
Yes, just my immediate family.
Absolutely, the best thing we can do right now. Even though it's kind of a bummer.
I hope so too, this has been such a crazy year.
You're most welcome! How are things in your life right now?
Is there anything specific that is making you feel bad?
Wow that is not good at all. Do you have any savings that you can fall back on in the short term?
I believe that there are some government assistance programmes for people who have been made unemployed as a result of the pandemic.
I am not totally sure but you could try asking your local Citizen's Advice Bureau and they should be able to help.
I hear you, I have been suffering badly from them the last year too. Have you seen anyone about it?
Have you considered seeing someone professional? You might be able to get that free too given your circumstances
Yes I think it should. They might be able to give you advice about your finances too.
I have yes but I was fortunate enough that I was able to get a new one very quickly. I know that there is much more competition for jobs during this time though
Have you started looking for a new job?
Well that sounds very promising. I hope that you are successful.
You're most welcome and I wish you all the best in the future.
:) You need to quit from your end and take the survey - I can't do it my end
You too!
Just press quit and fill out the survey :)
I totally understand. The pandemic is once in a lifetime event and it has turned all our lives upside down.
I hope you are aware about the potential vaccines with great success rate announced my major pharma companies.
Yes, there seems to be some credibility to the claim - the effectiveness of the vaccine. So I would say even though it seems a lot difficult, there is some hope early next year.
I understand your concern. In fact, a lot of people have questioned the effectiveness given how fast it was developed. Are you anxious because you have to provide for your family besides yourself?
I too, have been working from home for the past 9 months. And I am the sole provider for my family. So I understand how frustrating this can be.
The key, however, is our mindset and how we approach the problem. If you are afraid about going our during peak hours, you can step outside during non-peak hours. This is just an example. Everybody's situations and preferences vary.
I am frustrated, but I cannot cultivate inaction. Because I have mouths to feed. So I have developed a mindset to tackle the problem by taking all the precautions I possible can.
In essence, I know the factors under my control, and I try to control them and work them in my favour. I make it a point not to worry too much about factors outside my control.
Because it's a new situation to most of the world's population! People take time to adjust.
You take care of factors under your control - wearing a mask, social distancing when outside and washing/sanitizing hands whenever you can.
Try not to pay too much attention to factors OUTSIDE your control - how many people are there and if social distancing is followed to the letter by OTHERS
Ya, that might be the root cause. Talk with your partner and try going out when you and them feel it is safe to do so. Start cautiously, then slowly return to your "normal" outdoor times.
It can be intimidating at first, but if you don't try, you may never be able to overcome the anxiety or fear.
I am sure there are, but make sure those groups are social distancing as well. We are all in this together and we can definitely overcome it :)
Yes. You can distract yourself with music or comedy shows. Or a long lost hobby. After all, one good thing about COVID is, it has put more time on our plates.
It was nice chatting with you as well. Take care and stay safe
Hi, I'm Vicky! I'm doing pretty well :) How can I help you through your issues today?
No problem! I would love to be a listening ear for you to talk about it and work through anything stuck in your mind.
omgsh I'm so sorry to hear that. Is this your daughter's partner? I've been in an emotionally abusive relationship before and know how difficult it can be
From my personal experience, I can say that your support really means everything to her. She may not want to admit the truth to herself, but with your support, I believe she can find the strength to get out of the relatioship
Yes I completely understand. It's a very delicate situation. I've read multiple times that it takes an average of 7 times to leave an abusive relationship (even though I think I tried even more times than that). She will hopefully one day gather the courage to realize she doesn't deserve to be treated badly
You are amazing for being her support!
That's seriously great to hear! I don't know what the exact situation is but I do know that she needs all the love she can get
that's all you can do for now until the day that she will be able to take steps to leave the bad situation
I hope that this will be a productive visit from them. At the very least, they'll be able to see what real love looks like from you guys :)
I'm so happy to hear that. I would love to help anyone I can to get out of an abusive relationship because it was the darkest period of my whole life. I wish you the best of luck and Merry Christmas!
I think you have to end the conversation on your end.
<3 agreed. Unconditional support is everything.
I'm so sorry to hear that, but I would love to help. What is going on?
I am so sorry to hear that. breakups are definitely hard to go through, especially in the times we are in right now.
How long were you guys together? And you were living together?
Oh I see that was a very long relationship! I actually just got out of a 3 1/2 year one myself, so I understand how hard it is. Are you still currently staying with him until you find your own place? Or are you staying somewhere else?
I'm glad to hear that you are with a friend right now during this hard time, and that you have a place to go! But I see the struggle is finding a way to get there.
If you are struggling on finding a way back to your moms house, it might be a good idea to loan or borrow some money from either friends or family, or open a credit card just for the time being. Then once you get back to your mom's, you can start focusing on yourself and get yourself back on your feet! IT's important to not overwhelm yourself right now, so focus on one thing at a time
That is great to hear! I know that you are probably also hurting from the breakup itself too, but I'm glad to hear that you are focusing on getting yourself to a safe place first. It's going to take a long time to fully heal again, but as long as you make sure you are stable, you will be able to get through this
It also sounds like you know what you need to do, and you aren't letting yourself forget what is important. That is wonderful
Yeah that's great. I have confidence that you will get over this bump in your life, and good things will come to you. Keep focusing on what you need to do! You are doing great!
your school doesn't offer remote learning?
you can still do that online instead of in person
I understand how you may feel that way, it's easy to feel anxious when something you do so frequently gets taken away
Your worry is very understandable, have you talked to your professors about that to see what they can help?
that sounds great. I find that your mindset is very important, you can only finish great if you feel at ease. Why don't you just wait and study on your own first, and officially start when you feel reassured?
How about create an online study group with your friends if you need to get a degree in time. Either Zoom or Skype is user friendly
Oh no, you don't even have to install Zoom. I have been in a lot of Zoom conference where I simply access through the link they give me
yeah, so don't be too pessimistic. There are always solutions. Other than group study, are there any reasons you worry about school?
if you prefer to be able to discuss in person, how about do an in person meeting at the park or open space? That way you can keep your distance
No problems, I'm glad I could be some help
I'm sorry to hear that, when did you start feeling this way?
Did something happen to trigger this for you? Or did it just kind of start without an explanation?
Correct me if I'm wrong, your children are now online learning, and you are feeling defeated because your husband is pulling away and not providing you the support you need?
That would be very hard, especially with the way the world is right now. I want you to know your feelings are valid, and I'm sure you are trying your best.
Have you tried talking to your husband about your feelings, and how it is affecting your day today life?
That makes it hard when you have already tried to take the steps to help you improve the situation. If I may offer a suggestion, perhaps you should approach him, and advise him you are not interested in arguing since that won't improve the situation, but be up-front and honest about how this is making you feel, and how his lack of support will ultimately harm the whole family. And also maybe ask him if there is anything going on with him to find out why his support to you, and the children has changed.
Sometimes when someone is stressed, their behaviour can change suddenly, if he is able to vent to you if there are any issues it could help!
I really hope the situation improves for you, and just remember it is ok to feel sad some days, and don't be too hard on yourself. I wish you all the best!
Thank you so much! I appreciate the feedback!
I am really sorry to hear that. Is there anything you'd like to talk about?
I see.. so you feel that you are not able to support yourself or your family and this makes you ashamed?
I know how you feel, I have been forced to use food banks during the pandemic too. You should not feel ashamed!
What is your employment situation at the moment? Do you work in an essential worker capacity?
I am very sorry. Have you visited any other agencies that might be able to offer some form of help? There are several
Well there is the Citizen's Advice Bureau. They have helped me a couple of times when I was at a low point.
They will be able to give you a list of other places that can help. I suggest you book an appointment with them tomorrow.
Do you have people in your life who are being supportive? A partner, friends?
I know it's hard but do try to remember that there are lots of other people in the same situation. It's a very difficult time for the whole world.
Are you trying to find work right now?
would you be prepared to lower your expectations and perhaps take a different kind of work than you used to?
Well on the plus side then the only way you can go is up :)
Let's hope that next year will bring better times for all of us.
And you too thanks for talking!
How are things going?
Is there anything in particular that has been bothering you recently?
I'm really sorry to hear that, but I'm sure your love for your kids can still shine through
Would it be possible to look at some more home made stuff for this year that will still be fun and meaningful?
How are things going?
Maybe you could look at involving your kids in the process. The feeling of doing something together as a family can make it way more fun. It could be a shared experience your family can look back on fondly later on.
I have seen some people make small ornaments filled with candies and treats and other small goodies. So even if all of the gifts feel small, they can feel like they are getting a lot of them. And you could even get them to have fun decorating and painting the ornaments!
Yeah, a box fort is really fun!
When I was a kid, I loved making box forts, and its a great way to reuse stuff you might already have around the house. The fun pretend games you can play were a blast. I'm sure your kids might love it too!
It can feel tough when it feels like you can't provide all the big gifts that you feel your kids deserve
But you clearly care and love your kids, and want to do something for them
Last Christmas when I gave gifts to my family, one of them later told me that the gift they loved the most was the box of Christmas cookies that they were able to enjoy over the course of the week afterwards, and not the keyboard I had gotten them. Sometimes it doesn't take something expensive to be meaningful and make someone happy
I'm really glad to hear that. It still might feel tough, but truly things are not hopeless
how can i help you?
please can i ask you why she is doing this?
how can i help you?
do you have other friends
try to make more friend because they can help you when you are sad
i have lots of friend, i really like to make friends,
i just always listen their point as well.
so they like this thing
your welcome,i think you need to listen them then they like you more
your welcome.
thanks for sharing your problem with me
bye
Hi there. How can I help you today?
Do you have something bothering you today?
I'm hear to listen to you in case there is something you would like to get off your chest and maybe give some advice or support.
I am a 65 year old female with lots of experience with children and grandchildren.
It happens a lot that girls pick fights with their friends and it ends up hurting, right?
My experience is that girls pick fights with whoever they feel safe with. Very strange but my grandchildren told me that they yell at me and take out their bad day on me because they know I will always love them no matter what.
Really. What happened?
How do you think you should handle it? Did something happen in her life and she's taking it out on you?
Sounds like she's having some issues and she's not happy and taking it out on you. I'm sure that makes you feel like the bad person here.
I know. Have you thought about reaching out and just letting her know you are here to speak when she's ready and congratulations on the baby? Maybe she needs an opening?
How much do you want her in your life?
I wish I could solve this for you but everyone is different. My granddaughter has had to let go of some relationships that were toxic to her well being and felt better after a period of time.
There are a lot of good people out there just looking for friends. You sound like a caring person, I bet you'll find new friends.
Best of luck.
Can you explain a little more what you mean by that?
It sounds like the trouble at home is making it hard for you to keep your mind on school. Is that right?
I can understand why you would feel that way.
You also sais there is a bully. Have you talked to anyone about this?
Bringing this up to a teacher can help. Have you tried that?
I can tell just from this short chat how upset you are.
I know when I was dealing with issues in school talking to my friends helped.
It sounds like those people are not your friends then.
Do you have any hobbies?
It might be a good idea to join a choir. That way you can meet people who love to sing just like you!
Sometimes it helps to bring up your feelings to your parents. Have you tried that?
I can understand why you feel like that. I think it's worth bringing up.
It's understandable. Anyone would feel like that in your position. But I think you can do it and it will help!
Maybe before you talk to them, take some time to write down what you are feeling. You could even give them a letter to read if that makes you more comfortable.
That sounds like you have a plan!
You're welcome.
No problem.
Good. How are you?
I would be upset after a breakup too.
Have you gone out on any dates since the breakup?
Talking to other women shows that you are trying to move on.
I understand. It is sometimes hard to give new people a chance when you are comparing them to someone else.
Giving new people a chance might help you move on.
Maybe try a date that is casual and no pressure.
A lunch date or coffee sounds perfect.
That sounds like a great idea.
You're welcome. I'm glad to hear that.
What's on your mind today?
How long have you been in this state?
Is there any event happened the last few days that triggered your depression?
That is tough, having depression and dealing with children at the same time. I totally understand how you feel
I think you should first talk to your partner about your situation and ask for help from them
That's great, you have an awesome partner. I'd recommend spending time outdoor. Getting coop up for too long indoor is damaging to your mental state
Have you considered hiring caretaker?
whenever possible, you can take your children out with you on a trip to the park or the mountain. Nature is also good for kids with special need.
You are such a great mom, I can totally see how much you sacrificed for them. But please take care of yourself, i think you should see a therapist and get proper treatment
If you do not do well, how can you care for you family?
Exercising might be helpful too. I like doing yoga or pilates, it really eases my mind when I have too much going on
I believe you will overcome this!
Hi there. How's it going?
What's going on?
Divorce is tough. Have been through it myself. Especially tough, I would imagine, in these times.
Do you have any support in the area you live in?
I'm glad you reached out. Having support is something we all need. Zoom and being far away isn't the ideal support I'm sure.
Most definitely. I'm far away from my family too so Zoom and phone calls have been great despite the long distance. Have you visited your family since Covid began?
That's awesome! I'm planning on going to visit mine next Summer. Are you able to see them before years end? If not, maybe early next year? Hopefully Covid will be just a memory.
What state do they live in?
Are you wanting to move back there?
Best of luck to you. Hope things turn around for you!
I am sorry that you feel that way. Have you tried asking them why they don't express care towards you?
If they don't see on the same level as you do then maybe it is time to seek new friends.
It takes time to build friendships and relations. The best way to establish the connection is to find individuals who share similar interests with you.
There is no harm to approach people and introduce yourself. Find some common interests by asking a few questions. If you like the individuals' personality and if they seem genuine then you can seek a stronger connection.
Anime you say? I love anime as well! For me, I use the interest of anime to seek groups who are interested in anime as well.
There are plenty of individuals who shares common interests like you do! Do not let other's opinions hinder your judgement.
I highly suggest joining open online forums like reddit. There you can find anime groups that you can join. They will be more than happy to share similar interests with you.
I highly recommend for you to join an anime club or group. These places are great for you to establish a strong connection with others through shared interests.
Anime clubs are found in schools and on social media!
They have one? That is fantastic!
Don't be afraid! They will love to take you in as a member don't worry.
Part of finding new friendship is to put aside any doubts and uncertainties and say "what the heck" and just go for it!
You are very welcome! I am glad I can help!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
just stay calm
told him to do politely
you teach them that what they want to study
just borrow his mobile phones from them
just strictly told them to do study 1st and got a good mark then only you will give them their phones.
yeah sure.thanks too
then told them to study or else you will broke that mobile.
isn't that expensive when compared to your child goodness
yeah then do this automatically your kids will start to study.
yeah sure.thanks too
bye
I'm so sorry to hear that. How is that affecting you?
I'm so sorry to hear that. How is that affecting you?
I'm so sorry that you feel sad about the situation.
What makes you think you are neglecting other important aspects in your life?
That sounds difficult. You sound like a strong person still persevering in your Masters even through this difficult time even if you can't pay attention as closely as before.
I remember a bad breakup too where I wasn't sure how the future would go. It can be scary not knowing what will come. It sounds like having a Master's degree can really help you be independent though.
I had to repeat a class and it took an extra year to finish my graduate school. The feeling of accomplishment and grit I developed made a huge difference though in my future abilities to cope with major stresses. You too will come out stronger.
That sounds like a great plan. You sound like a very motivated person getting a masters degree is so difficult and you are working toward it. You will do well. I wish you all the best.
Perhaps there is a counselor at school that could help you with reworking through some of your goals?
There may be other students as well who are going through the same things as you that you could chat with.
Absolutely. I think things will turn around for you. You have a lot going for you and are very intelligent.
Things will get better with time. Keep pursuing your dreams
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Hello
How may i help you today?
is there something stopping you?
I can understand how you are feeling about that.
Have you talked to your advisor about the situation?
You tried for financial aid?
Have you talked to your advisor about the situation?
i understand have you tried to work it out with anyone and see if you can make a payment when you get the money
You tried for financial aid?
why do you need a form signed by your doctor?
oh ok i understand that. Have you talked to your parents or family to see if they would try to help you
Biblical studies sounds interesting. Have you tried to call your doctor?
i understand. I know how you feeling and do not let this stress you out all the way
maybe you will have to take out a loan if it comes down to it
You need to talk to your advisor or whoever is in charge of that and tell them what is going on
maybe you should try another school
yes you transfer credits to a lot of colleges you should start calling different colleges
your welcome have a Merry Christmas to
you to
hello how are
you
what is the problem bud?
fuck women all my homies hate women
don't worry about it just lighting the mood but really girls can be complicated and i get that its hard to understand why she left
just give some time for yourself hangout with your friends and be free
what about family I'm sure they'd love to have you around for Christmas
trust me family never thinks of you like that you'll always be great to them
no man you don't need her she had her chance and you'll find the right one someday just hang in there
if she was the one then she wouldn't have left you're better off without her give other girls a chance
well what else do you enjoy
try magic the gathering
I am okay. What would you like to talk to me about?
Do you drink when you are at work?
That does sound like it might be a big problem. How are your employers reacting?
It sounds like you have a big problem that needs professional help, would you agree?
I think it is likely to have been noticed though, at least.
I think the best thing would be to be really honest with your employers and ask if you can have time off for professional help.
Are you employers likely to be sympathetic?
Ah people do love to idly gossip don't they? I've been through that myself. I know it's hard to ignore them but it's best to try.
I do not know if they can fire you if you have a legitimate medical problem though.
Well you could always shame them if they unfairly fired you.
Large corporations are always over concerned about their images. (we have to talk for fifteen minutes :))
naw there's a time thing too :). Anyway, what sort of therapy do you think would be appropriate for you?
To be honest, and I mean this sincerely, I've been through it :(
It can be very expensive though. In my country you can get it for free but there's a long waiting list.
Heh be grateful :)
Are you in the US? Our healthcare system is a little less rigid here I think (UK)
Ah you are a long way away from me. I hope that you do manage to sort out your problems though and definitely do talk to your employers
Ah it's quite nice here. We pay for healthcare out of our taxes so it's free at source.
Gossipy people are the worst. Just remind yourself that they all have skeletons in their closets too
Well anyway, I hope I have been able to offer your some useful advice. I wish you all of the very best in the future.
(can you press quit first and do the survey as I am not able to do it from my side)
Well thanks :)
hello
i'm good, what is troubling you this afternoon?
if i get you clearly, you mean your friend disappointed you. how?
hello
i used to give them time to cool off, when they are back to their senses, they will contact me and apologize
what causes the argument in the first place?
oh,jst give them time to reflect on what happen, they will definitely reach out to you, but you also have to make an effort to forgo the situation because they see you raising your voice on them as a sign of command of seniority.
exactly, that will also gives you the necessary time to know how to react to their forthcoming apologies
even if they haven't reach out, that doesn't mean they are not sorry
just be patient with them
yes, give them time
same to you friend
how are you feeling lately?
how are you feeling lately?
That's really hard. but,i think you can do it.
It seems that you are really stressed about the situation.
i feel the same way.now i understand the reason though.it is because i didn't know what to say to strangers.
some people express themselves in person, some communicate in words.have you tried any different ways?
no mention.
deep breaths can help people calm down.
could you try to take few deep breaths?
happy to hear.
well, thats a good idea to do do.
yes, you too.have a great day.
I am sorry to hear that
I am ok thank you for asking
will your bad grade affect your overall grade very bad?
oh no, do you think you could do something to earn some extra credit?
I was the opposite in school i could pass a test no problem but i was not good on writing papers
Is your overall grade pretty high without the grade from this current paper?
Maybe you could talk to your teacher and find out what they feel you could have done differently to get a better grade.
since it is only your first grade of the semester try not to let it get you to down, i am sure you can pull you average back up
i would not take that to personally. i am sure he was just saying that to make everyone second guess themselves and push themselves to work harder
Oh no thanks need you seem to be very smart i am sure you are going to do well
well thank you its always nice to feel apperciated!
I wish you all the best of luck with your schooling this semester!
Happy Holidays to you to!
That sounds like a challenging situation. How long have you had to deal with this?
That's some months that you've been out of work. What kind of work are you looking for?
That's good to hear. So you can manage for a while. What kind of work do you hope to find?
So many jobs would be acceptable if they are nearby and are in a related field.
Do you have any contacts in industry that could be of help? That might give you more options.
You could also help them find a job, too. Put a favor in the favor bank.
Ok. So in a way, you need to build a new network of industry contacts nearby. Is there an industry group or other club in the area?
How much time can you wait? Time seems to be the gating factor here.
Ok. You think you'll have job opportunities, but maybe not ones that meet your location needs. Are you hoping to spend more time with your family?
It sounds like you have a good handle on your situation. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes. Time will help you resolve this issue. You will gain perspective on what's out there.
More opportunities will come up if you have time to investigate.
That's great! I'm glad I was able to help.
Ok.
hello how are you today?
I'm doing well. Ok I can help. Whats going on?
It sounds like you are unsure of how to deal with favoritism in the workplace. I have dealt with similar situations.
When did this start?
Can you tell me some examples about the injustice?
Is the logging out early a reward for their work? I had a job that offered similar rewards based on performance.
That is very inappropriate. This must be very hard for you.
If your manager has a supervisor that you feel would not approve of this behavior, I would speak to them. If you don't feel that would be beneficial to you, you could reach out to your company HR department.
I would not be able to let this go either. I'm so sorry you're in such an unfair and unethical work environment. Do you know the supervisor well or interact with them? It could backfire if they both interact with this behavior. I believe you will make the right decision. If it does backfire, this is a toxic work environment and not a good fit for you.
You are very welcome. It does feel good to communicate with people who can understand how you feel. I wish you the very best of luck.
You're welcome. You be safe as well.
Hello.
How are you tonight?
How can I help you?
What is causing this fear?
Hello.
Have you spoken with your supervisor about how you feel? Often times it helps to make sure your supervisor is aware of your concerns.
I can definitely understand this feeling, as I was also very worried at the beginning of the pandemic about my job security.
Another thing that really helped me was to take more time in the various hobbies I enjoy outside of work.
I found it very useful!
No problem! I am glad I was able to chat with you today!
You are very welcome! Feel free to chat anytime you need anything!
What would you like to know?
I like to play a lot of video games with friends to help me relax and take my mind off things,
I am glad I have been able to make you more relaxed.
I am in New York State
Niagara falls is pretty famous here.
I understand that you are feeling like your professors don't see you as a person with feelings. What happened to make you feel this way?
That's hard to feel like they are treating you like a number when you are working so hard. Have you talked to them about it?
I had a similar experience in my college days. It was very difficult to have so much pressure to succeed and feel so alone. You can do though because you are working hard and want to succeed.
I see you are anxious about this when talking to you, but have you thought about getting some support from other students in your position?
Also sometimes just stepping back and taking some deep breaths can help to alleviate some anxieties. Have you tried that ever?
That is reassuring that it worked before for you and can work again.
College can be quite a change from the protective atmosphere of home. Have you tried any support groups or religious groups for encouragement?
I was a part of a religious group in college and they were very supportive even praying for me on exam days. I felt they helped me with my success by planting seeds of positive feedback to me.
Are you starting to feel better about the situation?
You are welcome. I wish you well.
Hello. How are you feeling today?
I'm doing well, thanks for asking. Do you know what's might be causing these feelings of anxiety and fatigue?
That must be very distressing to have the same nightmare every night. Do you have a nighttime routine to help you get to rest in a more relaxed state?
I'm sorry to hear that you haven't had success with routines. I have suffered with sleeplessness due to bad dreams as well. I find doing yoga with meditative breathing allows me to clear my mind, and sleep better. Do you practice any meditation?
Having high anxiety makes it very hard to concentrate on meditation. I take a medication for anxiety that has helped me a lot. Have you talked to your doctor about your anxiety?
I'm really sorry you weren't able to get relief with medication. I understand that having someone to talk to can be a relief when you feel so anxious.
Do you have any close friends or family that you can talk to more often?
I'm sure your friend is glad to be able to lend a listening ear. Sometimes we need to hash out our problems more than once to resolve them.
Do you like to exercise? It can be a great way to relieve anxiety and exhaust your body so you sleep better.
I'm so glad to hear you have some outlet for your anxiety that helps with your sleep. Keeping your body healthy can be a great start to getting your mind in a more calm space.
If you don't mind me asking, do you work a lot of hours outside your home?
I see. Being at home alone most of the time, even when you have virtual meetings, may be contributing to your anxiety. Maybe you could meet up with friends in person at a park or other outdoor location. Is that possible?
That's great! I'm glad you are getting plenty of socialization during this difficult time.
Do you like music? It can be a great way to wind down instead of looking at screens before bedtime.
Wonderful! I'm so glad our conversation has helped you feel better. It's always nice to be able to get out what's on your mind in a trusting environment.
Please feel free to request a chat anytime you need it.
You are very welcome! I hope you have a wonderful day!
No problem. I believe you can manage your anxiety, and if you have trouble there is always help available.
Hi there. How are you doing?
I am sorry to hear that. What is going on that makes you not feel great? I am well, thanks for asking.
Going through a break up is never easy, especially when it is with someone you thought you would spend you life with. I understand completely. It is natural to feel sad for a while
I have been divorced myself so I know it is not easy. But I can promise it gets much better
Of course and it is normal to have mixed feelings
Have you looked into any divorce support groups in your area or online? It can help to discover that you are not alone in how you feel
I understand. I went though a lot of feelings myself when I divorced. Blaming myself, blaming him, missing him. It took some time to work through but thankfully today it is all a distant memory. Sometimes time is the best healer. Be kind to yourself and take time for you.
I hear you on that. It has been a very unusual year in general. I think that with everything going on in the world it is more important than ever that we take me time.
I know how hurtful that can be when people chose sides. It happened in my own divorce. The best thing you can do I think is to remember not to let anyone else's misinformed opinions affect how you ultimately view yourself. None of those people were there and none of them experienced what you did.
I understand, it is a difficult time to meet new people. Even in normal times a divorce is difficult but even more so with the restrictions we have at the moment. I think everything you are feeling is normal. Have you connected with a therapist to help you process all of your feelings. I know that helped me. Many are doing virtual sessions at the moment
Hey, how are you today? Anything on your mind?
Yeah? Can you tell me a bit about these known unknowns?
Ah man, thats pretty unlucky isn't it, I'm in the same situation, but I think yours is a bit worse.
Hey, I feel you there on the anxiety, you'll definitely get through this.
Thats what anxiety is all about, the best you can do is figure out how to address those unknowns.
I lost my job, started coding, doing odd-jobs, and learning survival skills. That is how I prepared for my unknowns.
Doesn't hurt to be prepared for anything, even the worst case scenarios! Don't sweat what other people think about you, its your life.
It is a good idea, who knows how the future is going to go for everybody honestly.
Got any good ideas?
Mturk definitely helps! But don't put all your irons in one fire. Keep branching out!
No problem man, anything else on your mind?
You have a good night too, keep on truckin and be the person you see in your ideals!
That is good. Is everthing ok?
So your having a hard time fiding a job. I'm sure something will come up
Times are hard for many right now. You are not alone. I myself lost a job not long again and it took me awhile to find a new one
Well, I just keep appling and applying. I got down but keep at it. In the meantime I did some work for UBER, INSTACART, etc.
There are other options. There is dog walking, house sitting, handy man work, etc? I'm sure you are good at things like that.
No, but you never know who you are going to meat. The more people you work for, the more contacts, etc you have.
Sometimes, you just have to have hope. I know you will find a job. You will find something better.
You are welcome. I truly believe in you and what I say. You are not alone in this. So many are struggling right now.
I have been where you are. I have stuggeling with finding a job. You will find one.
Have a great day
Of course you can talk to me, What would you like to vent about?
So you are feeling kind of used by your friends and/or family?
I can understand how you feel, I have felt used at times by family and friends myself.
Have you tried to talk to them about the situation? Does the possibility of the conversation give you an undue amount of anxiety?
Why haven't you said anything to them?
I understand, confrontation can be quite stressful.
There may not be an alternative unfortunately. In order to avoid involuntary and messy conflict later you may need to have planned/structured conflict now.
I think it may be important to make sure you have an end goal in mind in order to have a chance to resolve the conflict in peace.
I think that is a wise first step.
I am grateful to be of help.
Hello
Good morning
Hello
Good morning
I am so sorry i know how you are feeling just know everything is going to be okay
what has been making your depression start?
Have you looked into seeking therapy that will sometimes help with your depression
That is good. Have you been looking for another job putting in applications everywhere?
I know it is hard right now finding a job with this pandemic going on and it will take time but i know you will find a job soon
You have to remain positive and keep your head and tell your self everything will be okay
I can understand how you are feeling and you are not alone
You are welcome. Everything will be okay just know that.
Right and you have to take control of those negative thoughts and replace them with positive thoughts
You are right you have to learn to control your feelings towards a situation
Don't let depression take full control of you then it will be all bad
once you learn how to have control over your feelings over situations then it will be pretty easy to maintain
Yes seeing a doctor would really be helpful for you.
No problem. have a Merry Christmas and cheer up please :)
I am glad I helped you today. Take Care.
Hello, how are you?
I hear that they don't understand, can you explain further
Can you tell me more?
There are a lot of people who are struggling and it is clearly a very upsetting time for you.
Have you considered whether your colleagues are simply hiding their worry? Have you tried talking to them?
That is extremely compassionate of you.
There is a lot of concern about, are your work following guidelines?
I am also in this situation at work, I have used breathing methods to calm myself down which worked, have you tried anything like this?
So you are frustrated because others are not using masks, have I got that right?
Just from talking to you, I can feel how anxious you are and this is made worse by your colleagues, perhaps they are struggling in different ways with this.
There are guidelines on how work places should be handling the COVID issue. Has your manager gone through any guidelines with the team?
That seems like a really good time to go through how you feel. Writing how you feel down can help to ensure that you get your feelings across. Do you think that is something you could do?
I am glad this is something that can work for you, it is something that could help in different ways.
Do you have any other worries at this time or want to explore this any further?
It has been lovely talking to you.
I believe you press quit
I could see how that would be very upsetting and make you sad.
do you have family near by for comfort and support?
im so sorry to hear of this issue. do you have other outlets like getting out into nature? i find a good walk or a nice book helps with easing my mind.
i could see why that may worry you. as it would worry me also. as my parents are older in age and i have young children. i just realize that life must go on regardless of given situation. always look to the positive. it is best to find something to ease your mind rather it be facetiming family, reading, yoga, or even getting fresh air
hows the weather where you are located?
oh goodness, im in the deep south. even tho its close to winter it definitely does not feel that way.
what are some disturbances that you deal with currently?
remember as long as your parents remain safe they will be fine. you will be fine. we all will be fine. research has shown that majority of people who have caught covid have recovered with no issues. i myself have had covid and i am here.
it is bad but recoverable. alot of coughing and alot of sleeping. high fever. but a family member of mine who is 74 caught it. he has diabetes,obese and has heart trouble. he made a full recovery with no issues
you to also. thanks for reaching out. stay safe
Who do you see online?
What did he drop on you?
Can you block notifications for him?
How long ago did he stop it?
If you block him and he wants to get in touch, he will find a way. Make him work hard
I think if he is interested still it will, if not his loss.
With him, or a relationship with someone?
Have you tried making other connections online? A lot of people are home during this pandemic, you may meet someone much better.
Keep busy! Get mad instead of sad!
I would not contact him if he was not contacting me. You deserve better than that!
Yes, we women function better when we get pissed!
Play it cool and be ready to make up a whole bunch of fun things you have been doing.
Of course you can!
You may find your feelings have changed. Sometimes we just want what we don't have, lol.
You are welcome. Stay strong, you are stronger than you think.
Hi there, How are you doing today?
Would you like to go into the reasons for why you are angry?
Do they act this way often?
Well, everyone, including yourself, is entitled to an off day. Maybe something is going on with her she doesnt want to share. Or possibly even she is trying to share but doesnt know how.
Perhaps try to reach out and see if anything is wrong.
I would remember though, its ok for people to want to be left alone though if things are bad, sometimes they just need their space.
I would just say something along the lines of: Hey, youre not acting like yourself today, anything you want to talk about?
I would see if there is anything you can do to help, if not just try and be as supportive as you can.
Well, youre own health and well being does come first. If you feel it wont get anywhere, give her some space and come back to it at another date if you think you both would be comfortable with it.
That sounds like a solid plan.
I am glad i could help!
Yeah, everyone including me, forgets that each individual has their own sets of things going on each day. Always good to look at it through their eyes a bit.
It definitely is. I guess thats what makes us human though.
Take care!
hi there, how can i help you this evening?
im sorry to hear that, care to talk about it?
why do yo think you are having a hard time making fiendships?
are you in support or recovery yourself?
i know that can be a very tough situation, my father and brother are both addicts. it helps to have a good support structure around you to stay in your sobriety.
do you go to any group meetings or support groups?
well, when it comes to support groups, you can choose your sponsors and people who you want to build your support group with, i know it can be hard living in a state away from your family, i live in California and my family lives in Texas. You could also look at married men as an acceptable solution to avoiding that line as well.
are you religious at all?
there are always groups on social media, some are even local.
so your fiance is upset when you talk to your friend back home?
is your fianc in reovery himself?
do you talk to him about how you are feeling about your recovery as well? or is this conversations that you only have with your friend?
well thats great!! its important to have someone you can vent to.
well thats great!! its important to have someone you can vent to.
well thats great!! its important to have someone you can vent to.
your welcome. good luck. and im proud of your sobriety!! :)
Hello how is your day going
Im sorry to hear that please tell me about it
I understand that can be flustering. Have you tried contacting your school for help?
It is hard to let your coworkers down but you could be honest with them and tell them what happened.
One thing you need to assure yourself of is that it wasnt your fault.
You do have some other methods available to you to get the transcripts.
Have you tried contacting your State or county board of education?
The good news is your coworkers will always look up to you even if you are not in the supervisor roll.
Your coworkers look up to you because of the person you are.
You can still be a big influence to your coworkers without being in the supervisor roll.
I think if you spent some time being a mentor to some of your coworkers you would feel better about the situation.
Your coworkers obviously look up to you and would appreciate your leadership in mentoring.
Take this oppertunity to share your experience with your coworkers and reach out to your management for more training that is available to you.
Perhaps you can take some online classes on your own and show management that you are taking an interest in advancing in the company.
Your welcome I'm glad I was able to help. Is there anything else I can help you with?
OK goodbye.
Is there something you want to discuss?
So it sounds like the birthday is a time for self-reflection, and you're not happy with where you are right now?
Is this something you've felt on previous birthdays?
I'll confess I have felt the same way, especially with "milestone" birthdays (30, 40, 50, etc.).
Do you think you are possibly expect too much in terms of achievements?
As I became older, i started to wonder what terms like "normal people" and being "average" really mean.
Am I comparing myself to something that even exists?
That's so true. It's tough to deal with.
But I will same, as I became older, I just stopped caring as much about what other's think. It just happened.
Also, I'm sure there are some things in life you are good at, even if those aren't what society seems to value.
Yeah, I hear you. Are you talking to others - such as professionals, etc. - about your autism?
Being "forced" to do anything is usually a turn off. But it's good to hear there are groups online to help.
Oh, thanks. It's always nice to have a real conversation with someone.
I haven't planned on it, but I am looking for a career change. But no, this wasn't training for me.
Not sure what this simulation is all about :)
Yep. Oh well, hope this was worth while for you.
Thanks. Be sure to do something enjoyable on your birthday.
OK. Do I just hit "Quit"? I forget.
Take care.
It's great that you have friends in your life that you love. What is causing you to feel that you hate your life today?
Ok. Your friends saw the lie. do you mean to say that your friends uncovered a lie you told them?
So a good friend told you a lie? Do you feel that the lie was meant to hurt you?
How did the lie hurt you?
How long have you know him? Has he lied to you in the past?
That says a lot that he has never lied to you prior to this. What do you think changed about him to cause him to lie this time?
Sometimes a little space can help resolve feelings. Do you feel that a little time would help you to be able to accept his apology and forgive him?
Have you communicated to him that his lie hurt you?
Boy, that's a tough one. You've got to handle a problem like that pretty diplomatically. Have you talked to your co-worker, the one the boss hits on?
That's a good question, and I don't know the answer. It depends on your HR department. Have you suggested that the co-worker talk to HR? Is there an anonymous system for filing complaints?
That's a good attitude. You want to be supportive and helpful. You sound like a good co-worker. Remember that the problem did not start with you, so you do not need to feel responsible for it.
That's a good question. I would show support for her and empathize with her and her situation. Do you have lunch with her? Can you send her a text letting her know she's valued? She might appreciate that.
Ok. That's a good first step. I think you have a way forward with this. Maybe after a few texts, you can sit down and talk about solutions in detail, like going to HR.
That's a good positive step. I think that you've got a pretty handle on the situation. Good for you!
I understand that you're frustrated and sad. I would feel the same way too. I think that anyone else in your situation would feel the same way.
Well, you have to do what is right for yourself. If you find a better job, think seriously about taking it. Your co-worker will not be there forever. You have a responsibility to yourself.
You're welcome! I'm glad that I was able to help you!
You too! Have a great day, and good luck with work!
It seems that you are feeling blue and upset by others, right?
From the short conversation, I can feel how sad you are.
What kind of arguments did you have with your mom?
I had similar situation like yours. My mom did not want me to make friends with some people.
I just had good conversations with my mom to express my thoughts. Did you have a frank chat with your mom to express your concerns?
Take a deep breath and it can make you feel better.
What are her concerns about your friends?
ok, that's good. tell me more about your mom's concerns of your friends.
My mom told me similar concerns before. It is understandable.
My suggestion is that tell her these facts and she can make a better decision. I think she assumed your friends are bad influencers just based on their family background.
Yes, a good idea, it pleases her.
You are welcome. Hope it will go well.
Hello there, how are you doing today?
I hear you.. it can be very difficult dealing with other peoples' problems all day. Would you consider retraining for something else?
True. So you feel you're stuck in a rut - you're not happy but you don't feel unhappy enough to move on?
It's a vicious cycle isn't it!? What about looking for another profession that does not involve much retraining?
Are you in a financial position where you could take some time off, go travelling perhaps, and renew yourself?
Well, I would hope that they would understand that even therapists have to have a private life. And I am sure they'd prefer you at the peak of your game and not burned out.
Yes perhaps you could switch to part time? If you could afford it?
Somewhere at the top of the chain there must a very weary therapist with no-one to talk to. Though I suppose that is where these bots come in :D
lol. It's an interesting mental picture. I am glad you still have a sense of humour though
Yeah - try and take up a new hobby with the extra time, maybe?
I am sorry to hear that. On another note, have you considered speakign to your GP? Perhaps medication might help.
I have tried medication and I found it surprisingly helpful but everyone is different of course. There was no impairment though.
Yes you do! Thank you for talking and you take care of yourself!
I am glad to hear it :) Goodbye!
Do you want to go into whats going on right now?
I see, have you just started them?
With medicine like that, it can take months to take its full effect. Stopping can reverse and even make the depression come back worse. Have you told your Doctor your concerns?
Hmm, well yes this can be helpful but that is strange he did not run any tests to see how the medication is reacting with you. On that note though what is going on with you now?
I would look to talk to a therapist about these matters. Platforms like this can help with some issues but if you are not reacting to the medication and these thoughts are still occurring then that is the path i would take.
Im not telling you to quit on your therapist but if their techniques are not working for you, or you do not think they are a good fit. You should not feel guilty looking for one that is better suited to your needs. Self harm is a very serious issue that strangers really cannot help you with.
So it is your therapist, or psychiatrist that put you on this medication? Do you feel they listen to you?
Thats very good then, Oh great im very happy to hear that!
That is awesome, You have a great evening!
Oh I understand i went through one a few years ago
Yes that is common for kids to feel intense emotions when their parent separate. Don't worry just reassure them that both mommy and daddy love them
Neither was my ex husband. I know what your going through just take some time for yourself while they are with their dad.
Well darlin that depends. Do you enjoy those things? Why not pamper yourself? Mothers work nonstop, they deserve a break. All in all he is their father and will not risk neglecting them. Because if he does he loses them
Well there you go. Go run you a hot bath. Toss in a bath bomb, and grab your favorite novel or new novel and soak your troubles away!
Of course sweetie, just remember to take care of you. There is still a woman under the mother. A lot of moms forget that and neglect themselves.
Oh that's exciting! You get to start dating again! I didn't look forward it myself mainly because im jaded and have little faith in men XD. What do you look for in a man?
Ohh i want one! If you find one, see if he has a brother!
Great. Well it was great talking to you!
So you are experiencing problems at work? Please tell me about it, I am happy to listen.
I am very sorry to hear that - trouble with workmates, especially those who are in a higher position, can make things very miserable can't they?
Have you considered going over her head and putting in a complaint? Especially if she is making everyone else miserable as well. Someone more senior might be able to do something.
Please try to stay positive - bullies never prosper in the long term. I think that you need to talk to your co-workers about this and see if you can come to some sort of arrangement between you
Alternatively, have you ever considered seeking another job? I know that that might feel like selling out but you might be happier somewhere else
I feel that that is fair enough. You should not be working to make up for her failures and I hear you saying that you feel that this is w hat is happening?
(sorry was afk give me a second to catch up :))
I really feel that you have grounds for a formal complaint. Just her being incapable is bad enough but bullying too is unacceptable
Anonymous reporting sounds like a good thing, as long as it's not being abused. This sounds like a very good time to use it though
I hope I have been able to give you some good advice here!
You are most welcome, enjoy your day!
I am sorry to hear that! What seems to be bothering you?
I can understand your anxiety. I hate public speaking too. Is this a required class?
Only required in high school luckily in college I didn't have to do public speaking. What is your major? I mean it sounds like this is a part of your major
Either way it is EXTREMELY stressful and I would hate it
I can tell this is challenging for you. May I suggest talking with your professor maybe you could pre record your speech and play it instead of actually doing it? Or maybe practicing with some friends or collegues and seeing if they would help you not be so nervous
This is certainly a difficult time and a unique one. How about searching online for speech public speaking tips and or training type videos or even libraries some have online books/videos
I would be willing to do a zoom meeting and practice with you if you would like
I am sure there are some support groups out there you could search for maybe. Also prayer works if you believe in God as I do!
I understand better now sorry for the confusion
Have you spoken to your doctor for maybe temporary mild anxiety pills or something since you seem to have tried numerous things without much help
Yes I completely agree! I am going be honest and not sure how to help you. I will pray for you but I don't know what else to help
i am happy to listen and be your friend
Anxiety is a powerful thing and what may work for one person doesn't on another. I truly wish you the best. I would not want to be in your shoes. I honestly HATE public speaking
Yes it is and and most people say nothing left to do but pray and reality is that should be the first thing. I have learned through many years and dont go to people houses or jam religion down throats but I am led lately to speak up in general conversation if it comes up
Anyways, it is time for me to go to bed. If we were able I would continue to talk to you and pray but as we can't I wish you all the best. Since you are in college you have your entire life ahead of you I hope. Covid is temporary and this too shall pass. See you in heaven one day I hope. Goodnight and God bless.
I too believe it as well. and you are right no one talks about it but it should be but it is easier for me with Covid since covid brings up death alot. you are welcome and Keep safe and God did not give us a fearful mind but... I don't remember all of it but you could google it.. something sound mind and Satan will use fear to get us
tysm we all need prayers. sweet dreams my new friend
Hello! How are you doing today?
I'm doing well. How can I help you today?
I can understand why this would be frustrating for you. Its good that you are trying to support her. Have you talked to her about the way you're feeling?
Do you think she is any sort of danger that someone should know about?
That is understandable. Do you think it's to the point where maybe you should say something to her about it? Even if you might sound a bit critical?
Have you thought of any possible solutions you think could possibly work to fix this issue?
All of the above!
Do you think these issues are serious enough to get a proffessional involved?
You may have to make a decision and determine how big her issues are.
Yes. How do you feel about doing that? Do you think that would help?
I think that sounds like a great thing! Sometimes we just need to get together and help out the people we love going through tough times!
Of course! I hope all goes well!
You as well!
Bye!
I good, how are you feeling?
So you think that COVID-19 has made you depressed? Could there be anything else that could be bothering you?
I completely understand where you are coming from there. I feel like remote learning takes away from some of the social aspects of life that need to happen in order for a healthy life.
I understand that as well. It seems that no matter how politically involved we are, things are always changing.
Change is a good thing though as it makes us stronger as people. Do you have any hobbies/interests?
Sometimes some of the best things we can do is t get out and away from all the things that WE as people have created. Get into the woods and throw a ball around.
I understand, especially having the remote learning going on, it is hard to get away from work and school.
I try to, I love packing a day back with some easy snacks, and going out for a hike through the woods. Sometimes I use the state trails but sometimes I just go out and make my own new trail.
Well, drinking doesn't really deal with it. It only pushes things off for later to deal with. Exercising is a really good way to deal with that stress.
That's true! I used to live in Ohio, and the weather was amazing this time of year.
Are you able to do more workouts? Sometimes I have found that running (which I hate doing) makes me feel so much better in times of high stress. Running also releases endorphins into the body which will help to alleviate some of the drinking/stress.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am so sorry about your friend mark. I will try my best to help you today.
Is your friend mark behavior affecting you?
To confirm your friend mark, you suspect he is not taking his medicine and that is why he is acting the way he is?
Have you talked to mark about his behavior and how it is affecting everyone around him?
I can understand how you feeling and that you are trying to help your friend. you are a very good friend for doing that.
Have you asked him about him taking his medication?
ok. dealing with someone with bi-polar disorder can be really tough and challenging but it is not there fault that they are acting the way they are. They just honestly can not help it. I know you are doing everything you can to help him and to stop him from acting that way.
you are right. So do not think he is doing it on purpose. Do not let it bring you down or hurt your feelings in anyway.
When did this exactly start happening?
I understand a lot.
How long have you known about his bi polar diorder?
i got you. having a mental illness is challenging and i can provide you some suggestions.
ok. just be there for him no matter what because you know he can not help it. Be understanding of his mental illness.
i would be active in his treatment and make sure he knows to take medicine.
no problem. Have a nice holiday to and remain safe.
Do not give up on your friend. Everything will get better for him.
Hi! I am here. How are you today?
I'm so sorry to hear that.
What is wrong?
definitely. The short days make it so hard to smile. Your body needs sun. There are ways to cheer yourself up though!
Oh definitely doesn't help but I understand. Working on a computer all day is really hard. I do that too. I try to get myself away from the computer for at least a hour to do something i enjoy
What do you enjoy?
That's true but there have to be every day things that you could enjoy. Do you enjoy any exercises?
Exercise is a great way to release endorphins which very much makes you happier.
That's okay!!! you should try to take a 30 minute walk every day. That's actually what i do to stay sane.
You don't need a destination. Does walking help you at all?
What about connecting with otehr people?
What about virtually? I've been quarantined because I live with someone immunocompromised but I try to have phone or video calls with people regularly.
We talk, there are also online games you can play with other people. We cooked together last week and made cocktails.
You do as welL!! i hope you feel better soon!!!!
How are you doing today?
Trying to be positive about the dumpster fire of 2020 lol, but positivity is kind of hard to maintain wouldn't you say?
Totally! It's hard to plan for success when life seems a bit uncertain. Is there anything in particular that's bothering you?
Ah yes, the cog in the machine sort of vibe. Boy do I feel that. Well, the good thing is your not alone. The bad thing is societal pressure demands that we be productive or we think we're wasting time. When's the last time you took a day to enjoy something you like to do?
What activity or activities are you thinking about? Anything that you enjoy or makes you smile.
Ah weddings, did you have fun?
Nice! Well, two kids is A LOT, especially since they aren't in school yet. You are dealing with the care and growth of the most complex organism on this planet...times two! That's incredible. First of all, give yourself a pat on the back for that. Secondly, is it ok if i ask if you felt guilty for having fun without them? Often times guilt robs us of the ability to take care of ourselves, which happens to me all the time.
I think that's a systemic problem. Guilt is this powerful check when we do things that are wrong but self love is not wrong. When you constantly take care of others, you might forget to take care of yourself. We are only able to give the best version of ourselves when we feel validated. Perhaps there is a daycare or at home assistance program that will help give you the time to remember how great you are! Do you have some friends or close relatives that can talk with?
Have you asked them? I don't mean to be rude, but I have trouble asking for help and sometimes asking people for help seems like this huge, monumental task. But people can often surprise you. Of course, If you have, then I'd suggest looking up some motivational apps and trying meditation. While it can be hard with two young kids, meditation, even for only a few minutes, will help you relax through your doubt long enough to handle the challenges of the day. When you say you feel like your failing, do you think it is because you hold yourself a standard that is hard to reach?
hello, how are you?
oh! can ask you why?
you can share you problem with me freely
Oh! that's very sad but try to move out from this
Try do those things that make you feel happy
Try to live i future forget past
try to make your self happy
don't be sad because of past
Try do do those things that make you happy.
My sister went through but now she is ok because she left past
Try to left past in pin
She went through this two years in this situation
try to do some yoga it will help you
Try to go join some other activities that make you feel better
Try to go join some other activities that make you feel better
but try do all things at home. stay safe as well
yes that's very goo people taking vaccine
yes try to watch comedy movies that make you happy
or laughter programs
that's very good
Please try to watch those things that make you happy
Thanks for sharing your problem with me
Thanks
Your welcome
I hope you will try these soon
thanks for all
bye
thanks
bye
Good Afternoon. How are you doing today?
That sounds terrible. I can understand why you're sad today. That's a lot to take in around the holidays.
Getting a new puppy might be a way to make you feel happy during this dark time in your life.
It might be just what you need to have something to wake up and look forward to each day. Especially during times like now when everyone is spending so much time alone inside.
I completely agree. Having a dog as a companion has been a life saver to me in so many situations.
Having a playmate for the dog will make it easier to justify leaving when you do need to go back to work in the office. The puppy won't be lonely.
I have a yellow lab! He's great!
I'd suggest a dog with a lot of energy if you like to workout! What kind of dog did you have previously?
Just from talking to you, it sounds like working from home is a great fit for you!
Pomeranians are such cute dogs! They always look like they're smiling! And they're small enough that having two won't be crowded!
I'm glad that I could help you! I hope your new puppies bring you much happiness! I think they will boost your spirits a lot!
Have a great new year! Bye!!
What are you sad about? Perhaps I can help.
Wow that is not nice of her. Have you talked to either of them about it? I would recommend that you do.
Hmm do you mean literally or metaphorically?
Well can you communicate with her through sign language?
Gosh, life hasn't treated the pair of you very well, has it?
Well, at least you're putting it to good use.
But with only a huge nose to work with - is this really viable?
You still have AIM? Wow, you are really out of date. I hate to say it but maybe she's better off with her ex?
Sometimes we just have to learn to let go *nods sententiously*
Yeah but, he's got hands and a small nose, right?
I do not know what that is but I can probably spend the rest of my life without finding out and still die happy.
I don't know who those people are either. I live a very sheltered life.
I thought you were born without them but perhaps they grew back.
(and you just scrolled back to check, didn't you? :D)
:D Well, it's been interesting and, erm, I wish you joy in your future romantic endeavours. Maybe find a more trustworthy girlfriend in future?
We all learn by our mistakes. Thanks for talking and spend that two dollars wisely!
Oi! I am NOT a bot
Just another sucker trying to eke out a living ;). Can you press quit and take the survey? I can't do it from the supporter end till you do
can you talk more about what happened?
did she end your relationship?
It sounds like you thought the relationship was going well and were surprised. Is that right?
It sounds like you are really sad and don't know how to move forward.
I remember looking at pictures and reminiscing after a break-up too. It helped me to take down pictures to not be reminded of the relationship until I was ready.
I know that you are working hard on understanding and moving forward with your life, just by reaching out and having this conversation!
Apparently allowing yourself some time to grieve can be a good starting point, according to the experts!
Set aside time to do things for yourself. Could you find any time to read, exercise, travel, or something else you enjoy?
Wow that sounds like an awesome trip. I would enjoy that, too!
It will probably be helpful fo you too - to get yourself in another location where you can experience different feelings
Well I hope that helps. Thanks for chatting with me
What has made you feel anxious?
I am very sorry to hear that. I am currently in a situation where furloughs are greatly affecting my family as well.
Are you given specifics on time of furlough?
I know that's very difficult. And no doubt why you're here working for crumbs.
It's why I'm here as well.
I know it's a difficult time. Yes Uber is definitely overrun right now. Have you taken any time out to address your anxiety so it doesn't become more serious?
Yes, that's definitely an expense you can't afford right now. But are you familiar with the concept of controlled breathing to help reduce or relieve anxiety?
Not exactly. Controlled breathing is more of getting yourself into a quiet room. Closing your eyes, and purposely and intently focusing on your breathing. Slowly breathe in for a count of 5, then slowly exhale for a count of 5. Repeat this process for approximately 10 minute. It will help your stress levels and help regulate your heart rate!
I've been using it myself over the past 3 months and it most definitely helps! But it's absolutely imperative to clear your mind and have complete quiet.
No problem. I hope this gives you some relief! Stay strong!
My final piece of advice would be to set aside time that is specified where nothing negative is discussed. No politics, no bills, nothing anxiety producing for you. It's probably best if this time is within an hour of your bedtime becuase anxiety is not conducive to a good night's sleep.
No problem. Take care. Wishing you well on your situation.
GOOD. What bring you here today
So what I hear you saying is that since COVID your friends won't talk to you and that they make fun of you for wanting to wear a mask and protect yourself?
I am sorry to hear that your friends have been so distant lately. Have you tried to ask them why they have been this way?
So what I hear you saying is that they have backed away from you because you have chosen to take precautions due to COVID and they are choosing to not? Is that correct?
Well you are being smart by doing the right thing and protecting yourself and others during this time. You should not feel bad about what you are doing.
Do you have any other friends besides this group? Do you have other people that you could reach out to that are social distancing that you could relate to more during this time that you would have more in common with right now?
What hobbies or activities do you like to do?
Field hockey that sounds like an exciting sport to play! That does sound like it would keep you busy
Have you thought about the possibility of meeting people online that share some of the same things that you like to do and that you could talk to?
I understand that you feel that you would look desperate but you said you like reading book so there may be some online book clubs that you could join. I know that I have been involved in those and I didn't feel like I was seen as desperate since there are so many people that want to be social but don't want to put themselves at risk.
I am so glad I was able to help. Maybe we can try and set up another time to talk again?
Sounds great. You can let me know if you found a book club.
You are so very welcome. Merry Christmas to you too!
I look forward to talking to you soon!
How has your day been?
Has there been anything that has been bothering you?
What do you think has been causing your depression?
That definitely is a very impactful event, but you've already been so strong for reaching out.
I think it would be okay to allow yourself grieve because in a sense the person you were has now changed due to this event.
I understand, I had a similar event where I was taken advantage of with similar feelings. I personally decided to share all my feelings with my new partner and we went very slow only doing things I was comfortable with.
That may be a strategy you could use to help move back into having a sexual relationship with someone.
In good relationships both partners have mutual respect for each which extends into their sexual relationship. Remember you haven't lost your self worth, and you deserve someone who respects you.
Your past is definitely not a burden, it's part of you, even if it's not a positive experience. By sharing your past, it would bring you closer as a couple.
Another thing that could help you navigate new relationships is counseling. I've had counseling sessions that have greatly helped me in the past.
Of course! I think we must support each other in our times of need.
Im am fine, How's things today?
I understand that many people now in these days are in a position where he or she needs to be at a location and that is stressfull
Being a father of two girls makes my skin cringe. Young people can be very challenging. Tell me more about this?
I remember a time where learning crisis management that taking a deep breath and meditating in the positive work that you are doing can open up your mind to suggestions from your inner self. Have you ever thought that you superb skills can transmit in your home as well?
So now that you understand that you have a awesome skill and that is being positive, build on this. What building blocks can you write down that has helped you pushed through the fire and keep it some where close to you to always give you piece of mind and reinforce your habits of pushing through the fire.
I totally understand that you are not for writing things down to keep. Yet, you have gone through a alot of events in your life where other would have given up. The key is transmitting your successes regardless of the situations. COVID is not going anywhere and as a person who has beaten stage 4 cancer, it is scary to be living in these times. You are doing monumental things, never forget that because your feelings and stamina for living will bind everything together. Politics, is the dirtiest and no government can solve and will solve the problems in the world.
You too as well
anytime
Hi! How are you feeling today?
I'm so sorry to hear that.
Can you tell me a little more?
Hi! How are you feeling today?
Hi! How are you feeling today?
Just from this short conversation, I can tell how upset you are. It's definitely hard this year since people aren't traveling.
Have you tried any other jobs?
You are supplementing income right here with Mturk! That was a great choice!
And the vaccine is starting to slowly roll out, I think many more people will feel more comfortable traveling soon,
I understand why that is very scary! Do you live alone? Or is there another person bringing in income?
Many landlords understand the struggle and are allowing tenants extra time when they can't pay. Is that the case for you?
It sounds like the stress of the unknown is really getting to you. I have definitely felt this way over the past year too, You aren't alone. When I start to fell stressed, I take a few deep breaths and focus on what I can control.
In your case, you can control how many applications you fill out. And it sounds like you are filling out many. I believe if you keep doing that, you will find a job.
You are doing everything you can do on your end. I know it's hard, but I think you can do it!
You're welcome.
That is unfortunate to hear; is this a usual difficulty at night?
It is most uncomfortable when you cannot feel secure in your bed for sleep.
Some nights I have suffered from feeling as you describe.
Have you discussed this with anyone you feel close with?
In my situation, I met a small pet dog I became close with; he does not like to sleep alone either, so we are now close and keep each other company at night to sleep.
Do you think a small pet would be of any comfort to your situation?
I understand everyone has their preference about pets or animals.
A cat is a sweet companion and also like to sleep comfortable with people at night.
I feel alone sometime as well, so do not feel misunderstood. I believe it may be natural for us to feel this way from time to time.
Hopefully, having a new friend who also enjoys sleeping will assist you with this particular disrbance.
Hopefully, having a new friend who also enjoys sleeping will assist you with this particular disrbance.
Have you ever considered an online friend to chat with before going to bed to help to keep you company?
This has helped me to calm my mind in the past, since sometimes they can also relieve their mind with you before they sleep as well. Just as we are talking now.
Do you think this may be a relatable way to help soothe your mind before sleeping?
There are many different people to chat with and know. Many friendly and funny ones too.
I understand. Is this related to the pandemic or is it something separate? I am sure that the pandemic has not helped, though!
Oh I can certainly relate to that one! I've gained a stone and a half in the last year. All this sitting around is not good for us!
Sometimes just having someone to talk to who knows how you are feeling can be really helpful I think.
Can you make a list of all the things that you hope will be better next year so you can tick them off one by one?
Well, the first and third one are out of your control really but you could make a start on the first one today if you liked :)
I can understand that. Perhaps you could join an exercise class or similar?
I took an aerobics class once. It was quite fun and it was good exercise.
Well, it's maybe not the best time to be taking on a financial commitment but have you ever considered adopting a dog? Good company and good exercise
Ah I have two - they are wonderful company. Alas you can't really walk with them though :)
Pets are great like that. Do you perhaps have a neighbour whose dog you could walk if you can't get one of your own?
It's a great way to make new friends too!
Would you consider doing some voluntary work whilst you are out of work?
I think it would be a really worthwhile thing to do and you would get to meet new people too
I hope I have been able to help you a little!
You are very welcome, it was my pleasure. Have a great day!
good thank you
what seems to be the problem
thats horrible. i understand why you feel this way.
have you tried to talk to him about how you feel?
i dont think thats fair on his part. Even though you both are having a hard time he should try to be patient as well
Do your kids know about the situation or have you been keeping this from them?
heres what i think. You should try to explain to your kids the situation. At least your oldest so they understand why this is happening and that its not their fault.
thats good. When you have your fights, you should try to keep your toddlers away. its not good for little kids to be experiencing this
As for your husband i think you should seek a counselors advice.
Because these are hard times, i think that you should try to find a job as soon as possible. Try different apps or websites. try to include both of you so you can connect.
try to talk to him first. before you take them out try to talk to your husband alone, without the presence of your kids. Try to see things eye to eye. If he start to yell of curse, you must try to stay calm. Be the strong one in the discussion. If things dont work out tell him that you wish to take your kids out for a break.
He shouldn't act out if you are both being calm.
I would be too. Im going through something similar actually.
If you try to be strong and persevere you can do it
You and your family will be stronger because of it. No problem
Everything will be okay
I am so sorry your not feeling well
I am so sorry your not feeling well
It's been cold and dreary here always makes me feel run down
Oh I know that feeling it can be rough I have felt that way lately.
What in your life has you feeling stuck?
I think we all can feel that right now and can be hard
What about your job has you worried?
I been there recently myself the entire workforce as we know it is changing. Have you thought of looking for other employment?
Have you thought of working from home alot of companies are starting to hire remote workers
There are several reputable sites that offer MOOCS it is a type of certification you can get in different fields some you can learn for free and only have to buy a certificate if you really need it
I would definitely look into it
I know the pandemic is a very stressful time for everyone but we need to do our best to make our lives better and not let it break us
There you go!
So true and even I get worried but I have to just keep calm and remind myself things like this have happened before and will again.
have you looked into deferment?
I'm glad
Exactly you got this never know you may come out with a whole new career!
Your so welcome was there anything else I could help you with today
Your so welcome and have a great day and stay safe!
Thank you
Did you need anything else?
I am sorry to hear that. Do you want to tell me more about what is going on?
What happened?
I am so sorry about that. I would be sad and mad too
I can understand how upset that must be
That's an answer we might never know.
What's something that would make you feel better?
That has to be frustrating.
It sounds like you are angry. How long ago did all of this happen?
It sounds like he meant a lot to you!
Do you want to talk to him again?
What if you wrote him an email? Would that help?
I am so sorry. What would help you right now in this moment?
I know when I cry it sometimes helps me
It takes time. You're grieving. It's hard. What about disconnecting from what he does?
It sounds like every time you find out something he is doing, it's hurting you even more.
It sounds like every time you find out something he is doing, it's hurting you even more.
That happens but more importantly you pick yourself back up! You'll find someone eventually!
That's great to hear! I am so glad you are feeling better!
Best of luck to you and hang in there!
Hello, how are you doing?
I am sorry to hear you are near your breaking point, do you have any idea when the decline and stress began?
Work and personal life are very hard to juggle with each other, especially in the current life situations around the globe. I am sure you will successfully handle both in the overall.
For me, when I start getting overwhelmed and need to "debrief" my mind, and "declutter" the stresses, I use a notepad. I jot down every detail I can that pops into mind. Every upcoming task, everything that has caused anxiety or similar, and then I prioritize them in an agenda. It seems tedious, however once you get a handle on scheduling, in my personal experience, it is easier to hold yourself accountable and slowly work your way through accomplishments, even small tasks, which is encouraging to continue.
Sometimes, something as small as an accomplished task can uplift a mood greatly. Especially when listed and checked off to see the progress.
When you visually see your success, I hope it will help like it does for myself. I personally believe that it is a useful tool, depression runs deep and anxiety pushes it over the edge with deadlines. Life and Personal are very complicated situations. As is living, in itself. Small accomplishments, maybe with minor rewards to yourself as you go, boosts confidence and tends to fade out the overwhelming heavy feelings.
A punch card. If you have one handy, a note card/index card. Draw maybe, 15 circles around the edge, and call it "My rewards" In the middle, choose one thing you enjoy, for instance, if you like an ice cream sundae, put that in the middle. For your first task, just jot all that is on your mind down, and also use that as the first task to yourself. Check off one circle, and once you hit 15 get that sundae!
Awesome! I am happy to hear that it has already helped a little!
I do sincerely hope you start feeling better, the current average life has altered greatly, and it has changed workloads and balances with great challenges.
Absolutely, I appreciate the chance to speak with you and give suggestions.
Perhaps, nature. A walk alone somewhere pretty tends to be a refreshing, zen-like activity. Or even, as a meditation type approach, rock stacking. It takes much focus, and tends to leave your mind clearer in the end. I also recommend reading, or listening to audio books of a theme you are interested in. It brings comfort in activities
I'm doing well. How are you?
Yeah i'm in the same boat. It's tough having to be cooped up.
Are you working from home?
I've been having a hard time too and I've absolutely noticed that I've become short and impatient with people lately. I have been trying to be mindful but it's hard. I find going for walks and getting slight exercise helps.
I'm also pretty introverted and at first i enjoyed the shutdowns but as time drags on it's gotten difficult
Have you found ways to be physically active?
Does that help at all?
So it sounds like you are missing a lot of the social aspects of day to day stuff?
I've definitely noticed that for myself, even though I normally prefer my space and solitude
Have you tried calling, texting, or even video chatting with them?
I seem to feel better after communicating with friends but I also get a little overwhelmed with video chats. I feel like Im always on my computer now so I'm working at trying to actively seeing my friends even if it means distancing or whatever.
Do you have a park or a hiking trail or something that you could meet them at? That way you stay outside and can distance as necessary.
Do you have friends that could go with you to the dog park? Do you think you'd feel comfortable physically being around other people?
im sure seeing someone in person will help even if it's for a few minutes. Once you figure out how to hang out with someone that makes you both comfortable, the next times will be that much easier.
No problem! I'm glad I could help or at least try to help
Awe thanks! I appreciate you too.
I am good. How may I assist you today!
IT seem you need some encouragement to accomplish your goal. Hope I understood it correctly.
That's great! We all need motivation and encouragement to do something.
I have been in this situation many time. I perform better when I get support or encouraging words from other. Can you please tell me little bit about your goal, so that I can encourage you accordingly
I can understand your situation very well. We all face such a phase in our life time. you should not worry about it. Keep working hard.
That's great! Then you should not worry about anything. Now days situation is really stressful. We have to manage it somehow. You should give little time to yourself as well. It Will increase your productivity.
Family is a great support, then you will definitely grow and you don't have to take any stress because you have everything there with you.
Yes, I have kids. To look them up I need to stay motivated and positive because I am the reflection to them.
That's my pleasure that my words helped you. Stay happy calm and motivated and rest you have big support of your family.
You too! byee
Im sorry to hear that. Work can be a bad source of stress. Do you have anyone that can help with the workload?
Can the company hire any more people? Maybe they can work from home, and take some work off your plate. The line manager might also need some help with her workload.
I understand that budgets can be tight. Maybe someone part-time?
Your manager sounds unsympathetic. That's very frustrating. A lot of people are in your situation in this pandemic: too much work, not enough help.
Do you want to leave the company? Look for greener pastures?
Very true. Have you talked to your co-workers about this issue? What do they think?
Yeah, that's a good point. A little complaining is ok, but a lot can get on people's nerves.
They want to be sympathetic, but after a while, they just get tired of you.
What do you do outside of work? Hobbies and such.
You could try setting aside an evening or two a week for time with your BF. Just walk out of the office. Try to set some boundaries.
That might seem dangerous and risky, but sometimes it's important to set boundaries.
If you don't do that, then the managers can just keep taking advantage of you and your work ethic.
From what you're saying, it sounds like you think you have no power. Is that true? Are you really powerless in this situation? Do not underestimate your power over your life.
It sounds like the managers are training you to be resigned to your fate. If they listen to you, it encourages you to complain. If they ignore you, you go away and leave them alone. However, if you leave work early (after 9 hours, say), then they might notice you. Are you willing to take a risk?
That's the spirit! Taking control of your own schedule is one display of confidence.
Is there anything you'd like to talk to me about?
I do not know - there are a lot of nasty people out there. Have you tried confronting people who are bullying you and asking them why?
You do not have to buy fancy clothes for the sake of other people! Maybe you could get some counselling to work on your self esteem though?
Have you tried shopping in second hand stores? You can often get some nice stuff there for cheap.
But really I think that the problem is your self esteem, not what you are wearing.
Right! To be honest I suspect that it's far more their problem than it is yours.
Yes I think that they were. I have had issues like this myself in the past and I know how much it hurts and how hard it is to overcome it.
I went through a phase of wearing only baggy clothes because I thought i was overweight. Looking back I was not but I thought I was.
Anyway I hope I have been able to make you feel a little better! All the best for the future.
That sounds like a great suggestion - good luck with it :)
:) Can you press quit first? I am not able to :(
bye!
Do you know what might have happened to cause your and your best friend to not talk anymore?
That sounds really stressful and I can see how troubling that is for you.
That's definitely very upsetting. I know how it feels to have that sense of betrayal from a friend I was close to for many years. However, I was able to discuss the issue I had with my parents and other friends. Do you have anyone else close to you that you can talk to?
That can definitely add to frustration. What about your other friends? Do you have anyone who either shares the same opinion as you or does not know your friend that you can talk to?
You have every right to be angry, but the most important thing you can do is find a good support system with your other friend. It will take some time to heal, but I'll tell you a paraphrased version of one of my favorite quotes: "Resentment is like swallowing poison and expecting the other person to die." It's important to find support in your other friends and heal properly.
That sounds like a wonderful idea. Is there anything else you would like to discuss?
Can you elaborate more? Earlier you said you and your friend were arguing while she was living in your house, then she stopped talking to you. Why might you be angry with yourself?
If I may, I would argue that your actions don't make you soft and they certainly don't make you stupid. They are certainly not any reason to be angry with yourself. If I may bring up another clich: "Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me." I would say you're in the "fool me once" stage and it is your friend's actions that have brought you pain. I think you're unlikely to trust her again.
Also, hindsight is 20/20. What you might see now in ways that your friend might have used you are things that you might not have seen then. We want to think the best of our friends until they prove us wrong. I think you were being the best friend you could be.
Of course. I think you'll be alright and remember the healing process can take a long time after betrayal. Remember to be kind to yourself and keep that support system of your other friend by you.
Is there anything else you would like to discuss?
You too!
I'm sorry to hear that, that is a rough situation to be dealing with.
What's very important for you to know is that you cannot control another person's actions.
It's difficult for those close to an alcoholic to watch them destroy themselves.
I will tell you that you can only take care of yourself. And you can only be honest with them about how their actions affect you.
You may need to take some time away from the friendship then. To show him you are serious that you can't tolerate the behavior any longer.
That's understandable. But if you continue trying the same solution over and over again, but are getting the same result...
In that case, you should be sure to shore up your defenses and be prepared, because it will be hard. You are a good friend, but don't lose yourself to save him.
Consulting some literature for friends and family of alcoholics may be useful as well, Al-Anon or something like that.
You should be able to find online Al-Anon groups, too.
I'm sure he does. Don't forget that you do as well.
It looks like they do offer online chats: http://al-anon.org/al-anon-meetings
So much like this chat here, you wouldn't even have to give your real name, nothing identifying, just support for you. Supporting an alcohol is exhausting, and you will need resources.
And a place to vent.
Try not to demonize your own frustrations, be easy on yourself when it comes to feeling upset with the situation, and continue trying to let him know that he hurts you when he behaves like that.
Absolutely :-) I hope that it helps. You sound like a very kind-hearted person, and I understand that your situation is complex.
Just remember that you are as deserving of relief as he is. They always tell you on an airplane to put on your oxygen mask first, then others in your group.
I'm happy to hear that, I wish you luck and take care of yourself.
Is there something you wish to discuss today?
If i am to understand you are having troubles with your weight and this is effecting your relationship?
I to have experienced troubles with my weight, if can be a very troubling issue to deal with.
Could I ask if you are currently participating in any activities or diets to manage your weight?
Is there something you wish to discuss today?
Yes it is a difficult challenge.
I to have experienced troubles with my weight, if can be a very troubling issue to deal with.
Thats good, I would suggest that you either join a local group or sign up to a online one. Maybe try one that includes meal plans for the week, support chat group that can motivate you.
Exercise is key to weight loss, maybe go for walks with your boyfriend. this will also give you time with him.
depending on the dog breed then puppy will need upto multiple walks a day. So its a great time to start walking then you can move up to a run
I feel we have come up with some good ideas to work on over the next coming weeks. Is there thing else you would like to discuss?
SOrry to hear that. Have you received the proper medical care for your injuries?
Great, i wish you a good afternoon and hope the best for you with all your ambitions
Good bye
hello, how can I help you?
How long have you known you have depression?
Because of Covid? So you know at least the cause of your depression?
That must have been tough for you. I know Covid is scary, however, I think you're a very careful parent so as long as you keep the routine safe, you can at least not worry too much about it
Now is not the time to please your family or anyone else. You did the right and responsible thing for refusing to visit them.
May I ask how old your children are?
they might have been scared because of external forces, as in they might see you being stressed out. I think it's good to talk to them about the seriousness of Covid, but also explain them it's not unpreventable. By discussing, you can reassure yourself too
I think you can also cut down on watching news, when it first began, I followed the news closely, however, I realized I felt depressed hearing new number everyday so I only update myself once a week now and I feel bette
Having a family meeting with your husband and children as much as possible to share your feelings might also help quite a bit
Then do as you think is best for your husband. I'd say focus the work on yourself first, you need to feel good in other to take care of your family
you're welcome, I hope you feel a bit better
I'm sorry to hear you are frustrated! I'm gonna do my best to understand and talk through your issue. :) Your friend is being a pain on face book in what way?
It sounds like he didn't use to blast his opinion in the past or include you in arguments, is that true?
Oh I see! I get where you are coming from. I have a few friends that no matter how long you discuss, they won't let the conversation end unless "they are right." It seems like your friend doesn't like it when he is wrong?
Gotcha so not only are you frustrated with what he is doing, but you are also worried about his reputation! First of all, can I ask if he is just your friend online or if you hangout with him in person too?
Okay I see. From personal experience, the best way to confront someone who likes to do most of their confrontations online, is in person. Since he is so used to almost "hiding" behind a screen, his feelings will be more vulnerable and real if you discuss your concerns in person.
A suggestion I would make would be to hangout with him in person, and bring up the issues that you and your friends have been seeing. But it's important to not make him feel overwhelmed. Almost like he is being "ganged up on."
I can tell that you care about this person as a friend, but you are worried that the way he thinks and talks may ruin that in a way. Make sure to let him know these concerns! It will show him that you guys truly are doing it out of love.
And yes I have actually had a very similar experience! Let me explain
One of my best friend's and roommate, had a very hard time separating friendship and roommate issues. It caused a lot of issues in the relationships with our friends. She had a tendency to discuss issues over text and didn't like doing it in person. But we realized, the problem with that is that you can't tell the emotion behind messages on a screen. But once we talked in person, our issues were solved because we could hear the intended emotions behind what we were saying
Yes exactly. It sounds like he might have other reasonings behind his actions. And you guys talking to him as friends in person, would show him that you care and that he is in a safe environment. He doesn't need to be so extreme
Yes of course! I wish you the best in overcoming this hard time with your friend. I believe that you guys will be able to talk through it since it's a newer issue. :)
Of course! Have a good rest of your day
hell, sorry
How are you today?
I totally understand how you feel
If you don't mind may I ask you a few question? Are you trying to find gigs?
Sorry. I guess you have to change your plan so much.
I meant you had to change your plan
I am also looking for more gigs and because of Covid, I'm only looking online jobs
yes just like this mturk
Jobs are super competitive these days. Have you thought about becoming a YouTuber or a live streamer?
I believe after Covid is over more onsite jobs will be available. I hope you will be able to comfortably spend your days until then.
Oh I see. I see you have made a lot of effort to get additional income. Wonderful, I believe you are a great worker when you work, whatever you do. You have passion and motivation.
I would brush up my resume, make it more noticeable, change your LinkedIn profile if you have one. So that future employer will be able to find you, such a great candidate.
About resume, one of my friends added his picture wearing a Trump tie on his resume lol. I thought it was weird but whatever it makes it noticeable could help.
Or you could start your own business as you have already tried as a YouTuber. I heard a lot of people starts their own because of Covid
Me either, I had never seen a resume with a picture. Yes wear a nice suit and look good.
Oh I see. Woodworking sounds cool! I would do the same and start my own business as a side at first.
It makes me want to lift my dumbells and get some muscles!!
I hope you'll find something perfect soon and enjoy your quiet Chrismas
ok it was great talking to you. Good luck. Bye
Hiya! =) How are you doing, today?
I totally understand that. Which year are you in?
Oh goodness, I can't imagine how stressful that would be. I've only gotten my associates, and I found that last semester to be a slough. But what kept me going was the relief and joy I would feel once I had that diploma in hand.
Are there any study groups or classmates you can get together with, and basically make a night of it?
Very true, this year made everyone's expectations and plans go out the window lol
It might be time to put yourself out of your comfort zone, but start small. Are there any clubs or groups associated with your major? That way, you have some common ground to work with.
That sounds like a good idea =) Even if you can't hold club meetings on campus or have any gatherings, maybe they hold their meetings over video calls. One plus side to that, is that you don't need to have your camera on to participate.
That's understandable, especially with how the past year has been. Everyone is on edge and everything feels so uncertain, but that's okay, because you're not alone =)
You said you're doing well so far? Take pride in that, and focus on that. "If I've been doing well so far, I must be doing something right. I'll just keep doing what I have been, and everything should work out in the end."
We can be our own worst critics, and that's never been truer than when we're facing a challenge. Self-doubt can be such a pain, but when I find I'm having trouble believing in myself and working toward my goals, I'll focus on what I already accomplished, and that helps give me that extra push to keep going
I might be an internet stranger, but I'm proud of you, too. =) You've got one and a half semesters to go! You've got this! I believe in you! <3
You're very welcome, I'm glad I could help =)
Wow. I understand that is a difficult situation. What are your current thoughts and feelings right now?
I understand that you want to communicate with your loved ones but are cautious of feelings and boundaries.
Have you talked to your friend about your feelings?
I understand that being honest is important. I always feel the need to share with my husband. Do you think this information will do more harm than good if shared?
It is not easy to be put in a place where you feel you need to choose between two people. Do you think girl code or the husband-wife code is more important? What do you value most, holding a secret or honesty?
I agree with you. With that said, you trust your values and where they lie.
I think one step I would take if i was you would be to discuss the issue with your friend. I would tell her that as a friend, she should value your values. I would tell her the distress you feel.
I think that is okay. I would do the same. I would also maybe explain why you were hesitant as well and the challenge the situation presented fro you.
Is she also friends with your husband?
Okay. Working with your husband as a team and approaching her as a friend, would be how i would take action.
What's been going on lately? Is something in particular there stressing you out?
Oh wow, that wounds really rough. So you haven't been able to work in the same way since Corona? Do you have any ideas of things you could do to make ends meet?
Oh, I see. That does sound really rough. I would be feeling the exact same way you are in that situation and I'm sorry you're going through that. I know this sounds cliche, but I do believe that things will work out. I once heard, "It'll always work out in the end. If it hasn't worked out, it's not the end."
I know there were some grants and loans and things specifically set aside for small businesses for the pandemic. You might want to look into local resources and see if some are available to help you just to make ends meet for the time being?
There's so much information and disinformation out there, it can be really hard to discern help. There's one website: sba.gov that has several different options for pandemic relief for small businesses. I don't know what are you're in but there are some local resources available from my local government websites too, you might want to check that out too!
Excellent, I hope you're able to find some relief through this difficult time! I have a friend who looked into it and was able to find a small grant to help him out!
I have heard that another one is coming, and this one should be better than the last one. It's all dependent on income, so anyone that makes less than 80k a year should be getting the full amount according to what I've heard. I agree, they did help! Would that ease your burden a little bit if the next one comes soon?
Hang in there, I'm sure help is on the way and your positive attitude will help carry you until then, you seem like a really strong person. For me, I try taking really deep breaths and even meditating if it gets really bad. Have you ever tried anything like that?
You're not failing as long as you're still trying and not giving up. All we can do sometimes is pick ourselves back up and keep plugging along. There are a few apps available that have calming music, stories to listen to, or even breath exercises to try. They are all over the app stores. It definitely helps me! Meditation has been proven to help a lot of people in stressful situations.
Of course, so happy to be of help! Hopefully we can talk again soon and catch up on how you've been doing. It helps me a lot to know I'm helping others too, any kind of service always feels nice.
Thank you, you too!
hey friend! I should let you know that if you have typed in a description, i cant see it. how are you doing?
If you're willing to share, please.
hey friend! I should let you know that if you have typed in a description, i cant see it. how are you doing?
Yeah, its a low blow. What are you looking for around this?
Yeah, its a low blow. What are you looking for around this?
And know that closure isn't something anyone can give you, you can give it to yourself. You may never forget this act, but you have the option to forgive, to be compassionate to whatever you friend may be going through, and act with love.
Heck yeah! Theres no need to give your energy and power away, and if your friend comes back into your life, you can repair and heal. Whats brought you joy today?
Thats great! I judge you are worthy of the compliments :) Thanks for connecting with me today!
Yeah, its a low blow. What are you looking for around this?
how ar you doing?
i'm doing ok. is there anything you wanted to talk about today?
i'm so sorry. when did you find out?
how are you feeling about it?
with your boyfriend or your friend? what's troubling you the most about the situation?
you've had some time to sit with this, i understand completely that you are disgusted, but how have your felings changed since you found out?
are you spending time with them like you did before, have you talked to them>
even though it doesn't feel like it, affairs have little to nothing to do with the people who get hurt the most
it's not about you even though you got hurt the most
the anger and betrayal are natural feelings
if you want to maintain relationships, then you woudl have further converstations, but if you are ready to move on, nothing they can say will change what you need to do - move on
it sounds like you have moved on if you aren't talking to them, is that right?
so i'd spend my energy working on myself.
what are somethings you can do to take care of you?
are there friends you can talk to about this? your parents? siblings?
seek out a support group, people you know who can and will take care of you when youare feeling low
people who care about you often don't need the details, just that you need them
and that's enough. until you are ready, you don't need to elaborate
it's really nobody ele's business
it's easier to see where others are going than it is ourselves sometimes
because there's not the emotion clouding the way
once you get the raw emotion out of a situation, it's easier to see things like they really are
i'm glad. plesae stay safe
Right now, are you still employed?
What kind of troubles are you facing at your job?
Oh, I can understand how worried you must be! Do you think you will be laid off?
What kind of troubles are you facing at your job?
I have been in a similar situation and understand how scary it is. Have you been looking for another job or are you waiting to see if you are laid off?
What kind of troubles are you facing at your job?
What kind of troubles are you facing at your job?
I am so very sorry that you are struggling with depression.
I am so very sorry to hear that. Do you mind me asking what type of job it is?
I am so very sorry to hear that. Do you mind me asking what type of job it is?
I'm glad you have been able to talk to someone.
I feel like the world is in some kind of "holding" pattern until the pandemic is under control.
I'm glad just talking has made you feel a little better!
Amen to that!
I am hoping that you will find a new (and better!) job that you absolutely love! Stay safe...and positive!
Good, how are you?
What's going on? Maybe I can help.
Are you a student? That can be difficult.
Congratulations on graduating. That took a lot of hard work. What about your paper makes you sad?
You already did way more than expected of you- 3.5 times as much. And your paper was good enough to help you graduate. Be proud of yourself. You accomplished something great.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Congratulations again! Display that diploma with pride. Talk to you later.
Good Evening
How is it going this evening?
I am great. I love the outdoors it make you feel free and apart of something much larger than yourself.
Kool beans! I love life/outoors just in that same way.
No, I can not see what you sent initially Could you please resend it?.
Betrayal is a hard pill to swallow. I think you brave for sharing what you have been experiencing. Thank you.
We all go through similar situations in all of our lives. Its not about going through those situations it about for me what did I learn and how will this make me better in the future.
Those situation sometimes shows us there was time in that friendship where we could have been over extending ourselves. Those are the times we should have been given more love and attention to our self. We learn how to love ourselves more we others don't reciprocate what we give them. I think it ultimately about being a better friend to you first.
Well we just have to be careful with over giving of ourselves. You are more valuable to yourself than you know. You are very welcome.
Hi, How are you feeling right now?
Today must have been a hard day for you. It seems that there are some things that are really bothering you.
I am sorry to hear that. Sometimes even for a person like myself I try to find things that I love to do to keep motivated. Do you have hobbies or things that you like to do for fun?
Yes, those are things that does make you day feel good fresh air, and knitting keeps you calm. Also, Have you tried buying a treat for yourself or going out for trip in the previous months to get some relaxation?
Yes, trips are amazing and especially when you visit someone you love spending time with makes even more worthwhile. Time that you get to spend with enjoying yourself and relaxing is something that needs to happen often so we can get back in the fight to be confident or strong to face our daily challenges.
Thank you and you are so welcome. I am glad I could help you. I hope that you have a wonderful time on your trip when you get to go. Also, I hope that many blessings come to you and your family as well.
Actually I do not have any background counseling, but I have been through a lot on my own. I have learn to enjoy life no matter what with those that I love and enjoy myself wholeheartedly.
Thank you. I believe you will find happiness in yourself. All you can do is take one day at time and learn all different ways to find what makes you happy.
We all go through the sadness, and you are not alone. It just what we do next with after the sadness is gone makes it count.
Yes this is so true. You are so welcome. God is always with us even when we are not sure he is truly there. He is there and he helps us in many ways.
Can you explain to me more in depth what events are making you feel this way?
I understand exactly how you feel since I am also unable to go fly out to see my family this Christmas.
It sounds like you are very overwhelmed with the amount of work you have and having no break, correct?
When I start to feel alone and missing my family or friends, I usually like the plan a skype or group facetime session right after I get off of work.
There are online resources to have some fun with friends too--many blogs suggest hosting a group game night or a shared movie night.
I am sure with a bit of trial and error, hosting a movie or game night would be a breeze for you too!
Having this winter sadness, especially around holiday times, may be a sign of seasonal depression.
I have had seasonal depression in the past, and going on nature hikes and bike rides has helped me a lot.
Maybe spending less time inside your home and grabbing some fresh air can relieve some of that anxiety and stress.
Research shows that physical activity greatly reduces stress!
It sounds like going out more would be very beneficial to you!
So you have some worries about life? Would you like to share them?
Do you feel that perhaps you are playing video games as a distraction from how bad the world is at the moment?
Ah, so it's a long term hobby? I do love gaming myself I have to admit.
Could you perhaps set yourself some strict boundaries, like you can only do a certain number of hours of gaming a day?
It sounds like you might have a genuine addiction to gaming. Do you think you might benefit from some counselling? There are organisations that can help.
Well, if it is affecting your grades and the rest of your real life then it might be. And it's best to catch these things before they get worse.
Have you been getting into trouble with your teachers about this or has no-one noticed so far?
Does your school have a counsellor?
Do you feel that they have not been of any help?
There are always external counsellors that you could speak to. How would you feel if, for instance, you were never allowed to game again? Would that significantly affect your quality of life?
I do understand that it can be very difficult to open up about having a problem
The trouble is that sometimes the person with a problem can be the last to actually realise it
I hope that I've been able to give you something to think about :) It's been nice to talk!
You're welcome - enjoy the rest of your day!
Remember to press the button at the bottom :)
Hey there! That's a good topic to talk about. With everything that's been going on, it's normal to feel some anxiety.
What do you think is one thing that is giving you a lot of anxiety?
I'm sorry to hear that. Similar stuff is happening where I am, and I also get anxious hearing about it.
What do you feel when you feel on guard and paranoid? Try to say some more about that if you can.
Thanks, I hope the same for you.
Yeah, that makes sense. When this was all new, the uncertainty probably made for more anxiety. Now that we know some more about what is safe and what isn't, maybe less so.But it doesn't mean the anxiety is gone, of course. It's still around in our day-to-day lives.
Well said. You feel stuck. The usual things you would do now are just not available to you.
I can rephrase some of this, if you don't mind. In a way, you're talking about activities that you may have used (gym, hikes, etc) to keep yourself in a good mood. Now that those don't seem available, you just don't have those opportunities to boost your mood. It makes sense that you would be feeling this way.
I think you explained yourself really well. Thanks for sharing how you've been feeling.
Do you think if you went ahead anyway to the gym or out for runs that you would feel guilty for doing them?
Yeah, and that just throws on another layer of why things are difficult right now. No one wants to feel guilty for doing things that could help themselves.
Have you ever heard of the phrase "black or white thinking?" As in, thinking that situations or people are completely good or completely bad? Or completely doable or completely impossible?
Yeah, I think I understand that too. I get really frustrated hearing about people hosting big parties or not wearing masks because they think it's no big deal. They're putting others at risk.
I think we all do black-or-white thinking to some extent. We're wired to try and make sense of the world, and maybe our brains don't like to spend time on nuance and grey areas. We all tend to quickly categorize things into good or bad, easy or hard, black or white.
Does this time have to be a "waste" for you? With no productivity? That seems pretty extreme.
Thanks for saying that! I liked talking with you, and we can wrap this up. I guess I'm saying you sound thoughtful and intelligent, I'm confident that you could find ways to get more out of this time if that's what you're wanting to do.
Not as productive? Of course! It's a pandemic. We all are. :) Hope you're not too hard on yourself right now.
Ha, exactly. Maybe we're not all thriving and getting rich and adding 15 pounds of muscle during this time. But we can get through it.
Before we quit, would you want to say one specific thing you know you can do today to help yourself out?
Nice! Good job with those things.
Right on, same to you. It's okay to feel anxious right now. It's okay to feel unproductive right now. It's also okay to keep on doing the things that make you feel okay. Great job keeping up the workouts and the classes.
Stay well and safe to you too! Take care.
That's a very understandable worry to have, and I'm sorry you're dealing with that right now.
Is there a specific path or event in the future that you are worried about?
Things are very uncertain these days. I certainly have never experienced anything like it.
Personally, I have tried to lessen my anxiety by limiting my intake of news and social media. No matter what one might believe, there's always someone out there that's apparently going to take it to an extreme, and reading over and over about that is emotionally exhausting.
Or constantly terrified.
We can't control the world, or even another person really, but we can control ourselves.
Well, I don't try to deny the seriousness of the situation at all. But I do try to keep myself and my family healthy, physically and mentally, and maintain my close friendships via text/video.
And I schedule my day, even though I'm working and going to school from home. I schedule breaks to go out and enjoy the fresh air, dance like an idiot to some music, play with my dogs, or whatever is refreshing.
A routine has been really really helpful. I also make sure to get plenty of sunshine. As the winter comes in, we have shorter days and it feels suffocating.
That must be frustrating. I've learned there are just some people I can't trust with my vulnerabilities.
But again, you cannot control how they react, you can only control yourself. And that's not to say you can turn off your emotions or anything, but once you let go of the idea that you can control someone else to your liking, you will feel better. Less out of control. Because that's a lot of what is disturbing about the pandemic. We have zero control over it.
Sure thing, I wish you luck, and thank you for the compliment :-)
Hi! Hope you are feeling better now. I will help you to find some solution
Why are you feeling emotionally sad?
The pandemic situation is tough for everyone, so don't worry
I am sorry to hear that.
I would like to give some suggestions
Please ask your boyfriend to discuss to me so that i can advice him
This pandemic is taking longer time to settle because many people do not follow the guidelines suggested
Please do not get upset. Try to understand each other then only it is possible to reconcile
Please cooperate with each other so you can be back together
Is my advice helpful to you?
Don't be upset we all come across difficult times in life. This is one of the time.
Please seek some interesting relaxation for mind. If you deviate your mind from getting upset then you can overcome this depression.
Ok sure. Good luck.
Thanks for listening to my suggestions
I see, so your main worry is about academic pressure?
Is there a specific aspect that you are focusing on?
Have you been performing below your normal standard this year?
I hear you, I have been in a similar situation. Parents sometimes do not realise just how much pressure they are putting on their children to be perfect.
Exactly! there is nothing at all wrong with not being a straight A student.
Have you tried to tell her how you feel about her behaviour and attitude towards your studies?
Absolutely not. There is nothing wrong with not being perfect. And she has no right to emotionally manipulate you by mentioning money.
Are there any scholarships or hardship funds that you could potentially look into applying for?
Ah, it is very expensive isn't it? I understand, I am still paying off my loans! But it should be worth it in the end. One day you could get a job working for Amazon!
Debt is a very scary thing to experience, I know. I do worry a lot about it sometimes too so you are not alone.
The main thing is, do you enjoy your studies and consider them worthwhile?
I really did enjoy University.. I made a lot of friends and it was a good learning experience. I hope you feel a bit the same?
I think that you need to be easier on yourself. Do you have many friends?
Are you able to confide in your friends about your situation and your worries?
Do you feel that your friends are able to empathise with your situation? Are any of them going through the same thing?
Would it be possible for you to get a part time job of some description? Maybe bar tending or working in a restaurant?
Are you able to confide in your friends about your situation and your worries?
I hope I have been able to provide you with some useful advice!
Hello, how are you today
What about giving a presentation gave you stress?
Have you taken steps to help you overcome this fear, such as rehearsing in front of the mirror or in front of another person?
I understand giving presentations is nervewrecking, but at least you are trying. Are you allowed to take a few notecards just in case?
I can definitely relate. It is best to look past the audience and just focus on an object close by. Everyone of us have had to experience this. You are not alone.
Before you go on, try taking a few deep breaths. Why not try meditating a few days before?
Try shifting the focus on what could go wrong, to what could go right? Focus on others congratulating you on a job well done.
Yes, in the term "fake it until you make it." I keep on thinking of what could go right, or in my favor, and when I am done, it actually went okay, and any "fears" i had, never came to fruition.
That's understandable. But now that you're aware, you have the steps the move forward and be successful.
I believe you can do it.
HOpe you ace your presentation.
I am fine as well, thanks for asking. How may i support you today?
I understand. May I please know what is the cause of your depression?
Yes. The world is in a pretty bad place due to the pandemic. It has caused infinite sufferings to numerous people.
We are all in this together. With proper emotional support, each of us can overcome these turbulent times.
It may seem pretty bad now with the cold weather setting in at many parts of the world. But there is a vaccine coming soon.
Think about the positive aspects of an effective vaccine. Do not stress too much about factors outside your control.
I know we can feel helpless at some times, but try to focus on things under YOUR control - like following health professional advise - masks, social distancing and general sanitization
I agree. Family is our only an true source of strength. Being away from them can be really hard. But atleast, thanks to technology, they are only a video/phone call away.
Regarding your job, I know a lot of jobs and industries have been affected. But at the same time, it has exploded demand in personal delivery services.
If you are able to drive, would you be willing to explore the option of part time grocery/food delivery driver?
Oh that's good to hear! I apologize for the assumption earlier.
I appreciate your feedback! Just hang in there and we shall overcome this :)
Yes, a lot of times! You are not alone in this.
Okay, I know the feeling! Can you at least make a start tonight? That will make you feel better.
Naughty! Though I must admit I understand that feeling too ;) Could you not at least rattle out a few paragraphs before you go?
And try not to overdo it or you won't be able to work tomorrow either and then you'll really be in trouble
Have you at least done some groundwork for the paper even if you've not started writing it yet?
Well at least you can continue mentally preparing for it when you are out tonight
Nobody ever INTENDS to get blackout drunk :D
And you never know, you might get a creative burst when you get back and rattle it off in one.
Oh yeah. Follow it up with a smoke and you'll be a regular Shakespeare. He was probably half cut all the time too.
i live in a rural area with lots of forests :P
Hmph I am not a very good counsellor am I? I should be telling you to stay in and work. But hey, life is short and beer is good.
Of course :). Hmm it's been many years since I was in Uni. Too many.
Ah it's a good field to be in. Do you suffer from anxiety generally or is it just over this paper?
and exams too I will bet. Does your school offer any free counselling?
I wish you all the best with it and thanks for talking! Do enjoy your night out and don't overdo it ;)
have fun :P (you have to be the one to press quit first, I can't this side)
You have some work related deadlines and you are worried about that. Correct me if I am wrong.
That must be really hard, but I know you will finish it on time.
It seems it must be very challenging for you.
In such situation, I make the strategy by distributing the time and work load equally. That's how I stay energetic and motivated..
Take a rough estimate like how much can be done in a day. It will reduce your work load
Apparently when we start working on such project, things start coming at right place itself.
Don't think too much about the remaining, just focus on what you are doing presently.
Try to take shot break or do deep breathing in middle. It will help you in staying energetic and focused.
Sure! :)
That's Great! Best wishes for you.
how are you doing this morning
sorry to hear that, why are you soo down?
if i heard you correctly, your fiance which her family is going through a lot couldn't get married to you because of border restriction?
i can see why you are soo depressed, i am soo sorry for what both you and your fiance is going through
if i may ask, where is your fiance from?
i have had of such scenario before, so what step have u taken to remedy the situation
if you are an American, you can just go to Indonesia, get married to your beautiful fiance and come back as a couple
ok. what about this: go to a country like Greece that allows American, tell your fiance to meet you there. get married over there and spend your honeymoon there too
and if Greece didn't permit Indonesian, then you just go to Greece, wait there for two weeks and then leave for Indonesia.
i know you need to be with your fiancee during this hard time especially with what is going on with her family. But remember that you have to be strong for her.
you're welcome
and do have a good day you self and stay safe
I'm well. How can I help you?
It sounds like you are struggling with deciding on your relationship with partners.
It's good you are asking yourself questions. What do you want out of the relationships?
It sounds like the relationships give you a lot of drama. What do you crave in a relationship?
I understand where you are coming from. I've seen a lot of men in relationships not be so committed for real, but just like the physical part.
Just from chatting with you, I see that you feel like you want more from the relationship and would like commitment on more than one level.
I had to look for someone who was committed in all areas and only figured this out after making mistakes. I can see you have really shown maturity in learning from your experiences.
From what I've seen having confidence in yourself and what you feel in your heart won't lie.
Do you think one may have jealousy and get aggressive if he finds out? It's a personal decision that takes some thought.
It sounds like you put a lot of thought into things which can be helpful in decision making.
Can I help you with anything else?
Have a good day.
Hello good how are you
I'm sorry your bummed what's wrong?
I'm sorry to hear that this year seems to be rough when it comes to jobs
I lost my job after 5 years due to COVID
Seriously? Have you tried discussing the issue with anyone at work?
Thank you it's okay I decided to use this time to get out of my comfort zone and explore new options.
Is taking some online courses to up your skills make you more of an asset a possibility? Maybe that could help raise it back up?
I to be honest started looking in to Remote work and found there there is alot more options now
i have a degree in business so i have been looking more in anything computer related or business you of course have to be careful stick to companies you know or reputable job sites and of course if they want money it's not something you want to get into. But I do alot of call center type stuff or data entry. Coding is real big right now and there are alot of online courses you can take for free
it's really just up to you what do you like to do or what would you like to do. Right now the possibilities are endless
Exactly as i always say if the door closes try the window lol
You just have to remember we can either be strong and come out on top of this or well... We want a positive solution :)
Anytime! Was there anything else i could help you with today?
Good afternoon. How are you doing today?
Sounds like you might be having a rough day. Is there something specific on your mind?
An uptick in expenses seems to be an issue for a lot of us right now. Glad to hear you enjoy your job. Sounds like you are a bit torn about leaving a great company. Do I understand that right?
I can absolutely understand why your situation is difficult. Have you had a chance to talk with your manager about another opportunity within the company that provides higher compensation?
That's fantastic that you work for a non-profit. I've been looking to transition to an opportunity like that sometime in the future. It must be so fulfilling. I think asking would be a great first step.
As a secondary plan, have you had the chance to look at positions with similar non-profits?
Additional stress right now certainly isn't anything anyone needs. You may want to consider looking at resources online that provide comparable salary information for your position. That would help with having a conversation with your current employer if you are being paid less than average. Since they are a non-profit, I'm sure they would want to do everything to help you with your financial situation.
That sounds like a great next step. Is there anything else on your mind that you'd like to chat about?
It was my pleasure. Have a wonderful rest of your day and keep your head high!
It would be fantastic to hear how positive your situation turns out.
so I hear you are not feeling at all your best at the moment?
Do you feel as though you have no-one to talk to about this situation? I am happy to listen.
Do you have no idea? Do you think you might have done something wrong or perhaps she was being unfaithful to you?
Do you consider that there might be any hope for the two of you at all?
Well, I think you should give her some space but people do sometimes get back together after they've separated
You really do need to give her some space though - don't crowd her
I would give her a little time. Maybe two or three days? She might need some time to clear her head
Perhaps you could send flowers and a note asking her if she'd like to talk?
She might be feeling receptive to that but if she's not you might have to accept that it's over.
Hi Larry. What sort of job do you do?
I have had jobs that seemed pointless as well. I was a sales assistant in a store constantly waiting for customers, it was boring! Just a paycheque with no fulfillment. I found it depressing as well.
So it sounds like you are finding no point to going in to work, and it's making you feel sad, am I correct?
Are there other jobs available in your area that you could apply for that are more up your alley?
I see., yes that could be a risk for sure.have you spoken to your manager to see if there may be other opportunities in the manufacturing facility for you? I bet they would rather retrain you for a different position than lose you.
Yes I can understand that. Sadness and depresion can lead one to feel depleted and lacking motivation to make change.
I have been depressed and lacking motivation in the past, I remember how it felt.
Is there anything about your position that you could suggest improving to your boss, to make your job more interesting? Maybe some ideas you may have for streamlining the work or somethings?
I'm glad to hear you have someone to talk to about it. Over time as you keep working on it I hope things will improve for you.
oh I see. Do you have hobbies outside of work that you find fulfilling?
Lets hope the new manager improves things for you, it sounds like there is a ray of hope there!
Yes it's hard to get started on anything when we are down. I remember writing lists with very small goals on them. Small goals feel like mountains when we are down! Then I would work my way through that very short list and check things off if I could do them, which gave me a small lift of accomplishment.
Lets hope the new manager can improve things. And your work with the psychologist is very positive, it's great you reached out for help, that is a strength. You've spoken with your boss. You are doing all the right things.
you're very welcome, it's been a pleasure talking with you Larry.
you too! take good care of yourself, bye
