oh no. tell me more please.
i understand how you are feeling. i have been in your shoes.
i see. i am going to guess you have a lot of trouble with keeping up with school and that is why you are hesitant to go there?
perhaps you should talk to a tutor or counselor that is able to help you out?
what about your parents?
well, that is true. and it is important to remember that you are doing the best you can. and you do not need to be studying for the test, you need to study for the exam.
i would definitely suggest it. it will help you find a way to pass without having to struggle.
i am sure you will get a good grade, you just have to keep working at it. i have been to many public universities and they were very competitive. i am confident that you can make it through this!
i am glad to hear that.
you are welcome! have a great day!
bye : )
i understand. it can be a challenge.
do you know why she is being so loud and obnoxious?
do you think you should talk to her about it?
i can see that it seems like she is a bit of a hssy lady.
i can tell that it really is difficult for you to get things done in a professional setting when there is no need for it.
i would definitely talk to hr with a reasonable voice. i think you deserve to have a reasonable conversation with your coworker.
i have been in a similar situation myself. i have found that talking to my cowork friends helped me a lot.
i am sorry you feel that way. i know you can find a solution to this issue.
i am sorry that you feel that way. i hope that you will find a solution to your problem.
do you think you could try to talk with your supervisor?
i am doing well. how are ya?
wow, that is a lot of money to have to spend on a business venture. what are your plans for the next year?
i would not feel too bad about it. have you considered talking to your friend about how he has been treating you? maybe he feels a bit better about the situation?
what did you say about your money?
do you have a good friend that will respect your honesty?
i am sure it is not the first time you have been in a situation like that. but you deserve better than to have that happened to you. do not worry, you will be ok!
do you have a friend or family member who would be willing to sign such a contract?
yes, that is an option.
i am doing well. i am not sure how i feel about this. i can not believe that i was able to work with a friend to make a project for free. i have never made a project before.
hi, how are you today?
what is on your mind?
i am sorry to hear that. it must be hard to be laid off during such a difficult time. i know how hard it can be to feel that you are not feeling well.
i am so sorry to hearing that. it sounds like you are really struggling to find a new job right now. is that correct?
have you spoken to your manager about your grievence?
i understand how it feels to feel that you are being laid off, but that is a good sign that you took the step to take the steps that you could take to prepare for a future job search.
i can understand why you are feeling a little down.
i am very happy for you. you have a great head on your shoulders and you seem to have taken the right steps to take the job. i am sure you will find a new job soon!
i am sure that is an issue that would be dealt with. i believe that the manager can not really take action if you are already trained. but i think that there are some organisations that can help you with the training and you shouldn't be worried.
i have used writing to relax before. it can be helpful. i also find that writing helps with anxiety and stress.
i think that would be a great tool for you. it is always good to have some support.
i think that you can learn to do other things too. i think it is great that you have a plan for yourself and you are being prepared for the challenges.
yes of course. i am really glad i was able to help. i wish you all the best in the future and i wish that you can continue to be a great person and stay positive.
well you can get one that has a pet and they are free of charge.
i am sure it is. i know you have a great attitude and i am glad you are on the right track.
you are welcome. have a wonderful day and stay safe and take care of yourself.
i am happy to hear that.
bye!
i am so sorry to hear that. can you tell me more about it?
okay i am sorry to hear that and hope you can get better.
you are doing the right thing by continuing to stretch.
i tried to stretch for about an hour but then i tried breathing.
that is good! exercise can help with your sleep pattern.
yes, breathing exercises, and rebreathing exercises. i have tried them all and i love them all.
it does help me stay awake and tired.
it is good to get some rest. just take some deep breaths and relax for a bit.
okay - i hope i was able to be of some help to you.
i am pretty depressed at the moment, i am not sure what to do. i hope you can find some relief in staying asleep
try to relax before you go to sleep, this can help you relax before the pandemic
i am good.
what are some ways that you have been able to find employment?
i can understand that. i have been there myself. i am sure you will be able to find another job soon though!
i see. well, if you feel that you can not do it right now, what about online work? or even just a resume?
that is a valid concern, but it is important to remember that you are working hard and you are doing your best.
is there any way that you could get back into your normal field? i know it might be hard at this time, but you can always use the extra income you already have to build your resume and your resume!
you could try to do something in your field that would benefit from your current skills. or maybe take a few online classes to get your skills in another field.
there are a lot of options, i would definitely recommend taking one of those courses and see what they offer. i am sure you will do just fine!
it sounds like a great opportunity to get out there and start a career in that field.
if you have nothing better, then i would suggest going to a museum.
i would look into that. it would help you get a bit more experience before you start looking for a job.
i think it would definitely be worth a try, i know you can do it : )
how are you doing today?
what is going on?
oh i am so sorry to here that. i have been there myself and know how hard that is. it is important to keep in contact with your friends though.
that makes sense, it would make sense to have seen someone else.
i can see how it is difficult for you to be having a conversation with your friend and be able to talk about it.
i have had this problem before as well. i try to keep to myself and just let things out sometimes. i think it might be worth talking to her about it and see if she'd like to speak to you about it.
that is a great idea! i think you are doing a great job communicating with her. i think it would be great to spend some time together.
you definitely should, and it sounds like you both really care about each other. it is important to take care of yourself.
sometimes it helps to take a little space to clear your mind of things, and give you some breathing room.
you are welcome! i hope things go well for you.
hi, how are you?
i understand. i also have been in this position before and it can be very stressful. have you spoken to your professor about your concerns?
it sounds like you are worried about not being able to find a job due to the pandimic.
it sounds like you want something that will be beneficial to you when you graduate. is that right?
that sounds like a good plan!
you have a good plan and i am sure that your advisor will be able to help.
i know that the counselor will be more than happy to help. and you can do it!
you are very welcome! i hope you can make a successful career choice.
it sounds like you are doing your best and i think you are going to do great.
you are very welcome!
good luck!
i am sorry, i am not aware of any particular thing going on with your situation.
what is your name?
it is a great news for sure. is there anything you would like to discuss?
i am glad i could help! i wish you all the best and hope you feel better soon.
i think you are doing the right thing by wearing mask and wearing your mask. i would also be scared of going to grocery stores though.
i work in frontoline as well. i am also working in the technology field. it can be very stressful at times.
well that is good! is it a new vaccine you have heard of?
i have been at work a lot too, so i understand how difficult it is. i work in a call center and it is really tough.
that is great that you are working with others and feeling positive.
you too!
i am good, how can i help you today. what is on your mind today? how are things going for you?
that sounds like a really hard situation to be in. i can relate to that. do you think that you have any help you can provide?
i completely understand. i had the same issue when i was in college. i am glad to hear you are feeling better about it. i know what it feels like to be wasted. i myself went through a similar experience, but in the end, i felt like i had to do everything i could to get
i am also a student. i understand how you feel. i am in school now, but i do not feel as though i have wasted my time on this. i have been working on my degree for a year and a half.
i think it is important to remember that you are doing your best and that you deserve to be successful in life. you are not alone!
i understand. i have been in that position myself. it was very difficult but i eventually got through it.
i can definitely relate to that. i think that it is important to keep yourself occupied with the task at hand.
i see. have you been working on your degree for a while?
have you considered talking to a professional counsellor about your concerns? there are a few free counselling sessions available.
are you feeling depressed?
you sound like you are trying hard. you are also working hard to make it through this tough time.
do you feel that you are doing your best?
you are not alone in feeling this way. have you tried to talk to your boss about how you feel?
do you feel that you are being taken advantage of?
well, i went to school for biochemical engineering, which is a field i majored in. it was really hard, but it was worth it. is it possible that you have some other passion that you are not doing right now?
i can tell you are really struggling, but you can help your family by volunteering at a local church or local church. i think you will be surprised how much you can make if you take the time and effort.
i am. i did not go to college until recently but i am still at school. i do feel that it is a bit weird that they did not offer me a job at the time, though.
i can understand how that feels. i also have a masters degree in religious studies.
is that what your parents say?
i know you are feeling stressed and frustrated but i believe that you can make it through this!
that is a great way to look at it. i am sure that you will be surprised at how much you love your veteran family.
hello how are you today?
do you think you have some sort of depression?
what kind of work do you have?
have you tried to look into meditation?
i have also had this problem myself. i had to get my son to bed early, but then i could not sleep well.
have you ever thought about looking into other hobbies that you enjoy?
oh i am so sorry to hear that. how is he feeling about it?
i see. have you tried looking into meditation?
you are doing the right thing!
it is important to remember that you are not only exercising, you are also exercising and being able to do the things you enjoy doing.
you are most welcome! i wish you the best of luck and stay safe.
i hope you get through this and get to enjoy your day!
how are you doing?
what is the issue?
it sounds like you are very upset about her actions.
i am sorry to hear that, but please do not feel like you are being mean to yourself because of what she has done.
i think you should talk to her about it.
i think you should make a list of things you need do, and then put it in a list for her to read
yes, that would be a great idea!
i am sure she will see that you did your best and it is not your fault
i think you should tell her that your feelings are valid and that you can work on your friendship and work on yours
but you can always say something like,'i am sorry i did not hear you when i was feeling this way.'or even if you do not feel like doing that, just say that you have been busy and need some time for yourself
maybe you could try to have a peaceful conversation with her and let her know how you are feeling
i understand, covid can be very damaging to your mental health. but, it is okay to be sad and lonely at times
i am sure that there is something else that can help you make peace.
of course, i hope i was able to be of some help to you
you too!
oh wow i am so sorry to hear that. are you still working there?
are you able to find another job?
have you thought about looking for a new job? or perhaps looking for another one after 5 years?
yes i have been through a similar situation. it can be very difficult. i have lost my loved ones in a similar way.
yes, that is a great idea. i think it is important to keep the job that you love.
i am very glad that you reached out today to talk about how you are going.
you should definitely look into job searches. it is important to find out what you can get out of them.
you are very welcome. i think that it is important that you reach out to local charities to help with your feelings and to find a job that you can make a lot out of.
thank you, i wish you all the best in the future.
you are very welcome! it has been great chatting with you.
i hope you are able to find a new job soon.
i can see your situation with the pandemic. its been very difficult for everyone. you will find a way through this.
i understand, it is a bit difficult for us all.
you are welcome and i wish you all the best in the future.
hi there! how are you today?
can you tell me more about it?
can you press quit and take the survey?
oh my, i am so sorry. are you working right now? i know there are lots of online resources for job seekers.
i am really sorry to hear that. have you considered looking for another job?
i understand that, but you are not going to be able too. it is a tough time for everyone. but i think you are doing the right thing.
that is great! it sounds to me like you are trying to find a solution to your situation, which is great.
i have also been in this position before and i know how difficult it is. i have been looking for something that i could work from my home.
i am glad i could help! i hope you find something you like and feel motivated to get it done.
of course! i hope i was able to help!
i know it can be a challenge, but i think you will do fine. i am glad you asked. i think it is great that you are putting all of this off for now. it is a great sign that you can get a job that way.
you are welcome. it is been nice talking to you.
i am doing well, thank you. is there anything that is bothering you?
it sounds like you have a really difficult time. would you like to try some new things to help with your sleep pattern?
i know how that feels, i have also had issues with sleep earlier in the day. what really helped me was getting enough sleep during the day to keep me awake during the night.
i think that a lot of people have been having issues with sleeping due to lack of activity. have you tried talking to your doctor about this?
it is important to know that you are doing your best. i know you can get through this!
that sounds like a great idea!
you have a plan! i think you will be just fine.
what sort of work do you do?
i would suggest doing a few deep breaths, that helps me sleep. it is a good idea to take one or both of those breaths and relax.
i am glad that you have some ideas for a relaxing podcast.
meditation is great! it is not always easy but it is a great way to clear your mind and clear your head.
i have tried it in addition to listening to music and breathing exercises. it does help me relax and get my mind off of it.
that is great! you have done so much for yourself in the past. it really shows you care about your health.
of course! it is great that you are taking care of yourself. it seems like you are doing a great job!
i have also found that listening to music helps to calm my nerves and allows me to relax and relax more.
you too!
i am sorry to hear that. is there something specific that is causing you to feel this way?
i am sorry to hear that, that is a terrible thing to be feeling depressed about.
i am really sorry to here about that. what led to your loss?
i am sorry to here that. it is very hard to cope when you lose someone. it sounds like you have had a good time with them.
i can understand that. it is hard to get out of a situation like that.
i think that it is natural for us to be so worried about the future. the good news is that it will eventually pass and we will be able to enjoy life again.
what do you think might cause this?
you are not alone in sharing these fears. you can try to talk to him and see what he thinks.
i have had that problem before, i have to have a friend or family member talk to me about it too.
i have been through that before and it can be scary.
i am not sure if you could do it without him, but if he does not want to harm anyone then it would be a good idea to try.
good, i hope that it helps you. do you have any friends?
how are you today?
i see. it sounds like you are not doing too badly. is that correct?
i know it is difficult to see things from our perspective but it is important to remember that we are all human and that we can do anything we can to make it through. if you can not do that then i think you are doing the right thing and that is a great first step in learning about yourself.
i am also in the same situation as you! it is been a long year, and i have been feeling a bit down lately.
i feel the same way. i can not wait to graduate. i think i am going to be able to do it sooner than that, but i am nervous. i also worry about the panda though. is there any way you could get help from your professors?
i know it sounds hard right now, but i think you can get through this!
that sounds like a great idea! i think you will do great!
that is a great idea. you can take less classes, but you will not be able as easily successful.
it is totally understandable. i have been there myself. i am sure you will get through this!
i understand how you feel. but do not let this stress you out. you are doing your best and you can get through this.
do you have a counselor you could talk to? they can help you with your stress and anxiety.
that is awesome! i am glad that you have someone to talk to about this, and i wish you all the best!
hi, how are you feeling?
so you feel like you have no idea what you are doing and that is why you feel unmotivated and sad?
i have been there myself. i was also feeling down about myself, but i tried to focus on improving myself.
i can tell from chatting with you that you are feeling very bad about this.
you could also try to do yoga in the morning and night to clear your mind.
that is really tough. it sounds like you are very stressed about this.
i would suggest you look into it and see if you can get some help from a professional. there are also a few online groups for different kinds of diets.
yes i was able to. but i did not have any kids so it was a blessing.
it is good that you have some options for those situations. do you have a good place to get a nanny?
i am sorry to hear that. perhaps you could suggest that you could visit somewhere else if it would be possible to do that?
sometimes people have different expectations of people. sometimes it is just not the same.
how may i help you today?
what is bothering you?
do you feel that there is a problem with your life or the world?
what is going on?
i am sorry to hear that, i understand that can be very stressful.
have you tried talking to her in a nonfaceconfrontational way?
if she is not being supportive of your political beliefs, then she is the one who needs to deal with it. maybe she does not know how to handle the situation well, and you can try to get a support group of some kind to help with your feelings?
do you feel that perhaps the reason why you are upset is because you feel like you are being treated unfairly by the other person?
perhaps you should talk to her about it, and see where it goes from there. i would suggest telling her that you are concerned about her financial situation and that it is affecting your friendship, but that you can not really control her feelings.
i would definitely let her know how upset you feel that she is about this. you are doing the best you can and you are going to make a difference in the world.
how do you feel about the relationship being over?
thank you!
hello. how are you?
i am sorry to hear that. would you like to talk about it?
that is rough. have you spoken to him about the situation?
what is the reason you broke up?
i can see how that would be difficult to get through. it sounds like you are really trying hard to be yourself, which is great!
that is really difficult, especially if he was trying to get you to pay off your debts. i would have found a way to pay it off without him complaining.
i think i am going to go ahead and say that i am sorry to say, but that is not good.
i would suggest talking to someone and seeing if you can get through this.
maybe there is a counsellor you can speak to.
can you tell me how much of the money was spent on that?
you are welcome! you are a strong person and i am sure this will work great for you. you are also not alone in this!
that is good to hear. i wish you the best of luck.
what is going on?
i see, i understand. do you have a specific problem that you are struggling with?
well that sounds like a great start! i think you are going to do great!
that sounds like a tough situation. have you tried other forms of communication with your boss?
i can understand that. it is good that you would not be afraid to ask for help from someone who has already done your work.
it is a tough time for sure, but you can do it!
it is a great way to relax and relax and to calm your mind.
i am sure that it would be a good first step to getting help for your anxiety.
hmm, i think i remember hearing about that. i have also heard that being an older child is very difficult, i wonder if that is true?
ah, i understand that completely. i have been in a similar situation myself. i am glad you are reaching out for support though! i hope that things get better for you soon.
no problem!
that is very welcome! i hope you have a great rest of your day!
i am glad to hear that!
i am sorry to hear that. what is making you feel sad?
i am sorry to hear that, i know how it feels to break up with someone.
i know how that feels, i know i have been there too. however, you can make it through this!
do you think you did the right thing?
have you tried talking to them about how you feel? have you ever spoken to your friends?
it can be tough, but i think it is important to make sure you can talk to your girlfriend and not feel guilty or put pressure on her.
have you thought about seeking professional help?
it is a good thing that you have a support system, it would help you get through this.
that is great that you are having fun with your coworker and your friends.
i am sure it will, there are a lot people out there who have been through similar things and it is definitely a good idea to have people you trust in your life.
you are welcome, i hope you have a great rest of your week.
if i were in your shoes, i would have a talk with my partner about how you are feeling and how you feel about me. i would suggest talking to him about your feelings, even if he is not the best person for you right now.
if you are happy with the relationship, then i would wait until the next one is ready.
i would say after a year or so, if you are really good about it. i think a month is a good time to start looking for a new partner.
it is okay, its not like we can change anything, we just need to be patient and let go of our past
it sounds like you are really stressed about this and it might be best to take some time to get your thoughts out and let them heal before trying to talk to anyone
you need to take care of yourself first and then move on.
hello. how are you?
why do you feel that way?
have you tried talking to your professor about this?
i think you can do it, you can end the exam with a good grade
just to be sure you are ready for the exam
that is good. maybe you can study online for 2 hours and then study in person
i think it might help you to take online classes to get your grades up
i try to take at least 2 hours of free time before i go to bed
do you use any other video chat programs?
good luck
you are welcome, thank you for sharing
bye
hello how are you today?
it sounds like you are having a hard time... can you please tell me what is going on?
i can understand how you feel. i have been in that position myself. i am a teacher, i understand what it is like to be scared.
i see, so you are nervous about the subject. i can see your worry because you are scared about being taken to much.
do you have anyone who can help you study? maybe someone with a similar level of knowledge to help you prepare?
do you have any friends or family that can help you through the exam?
i have done some revision courses, but i did not have any honors, i did okay. i think it would be a great place to start if you are nervous about it.
i know it seems silly but it is important to remember to do your best to pass.
have you thought about contacting a tutor?
i would definitely try to talk to your friends about this and see if they could help with your exams.
i have heard of a few free online tutoring programs that are available on amazon.
i think that you will pass, it is all about your willingness and desire.
you too!
what is going on?
what are your classes about?
it sounds like you are being really hard on yourself.
i have had the same thing happen to me before, but with a little bit of planning and planning, i found that it was much easier. i would get up and go for a walk, then take my time and do my best to stay straight forward. it really helps to be able to have time for
i feel like it might be time for a change. i have found that i tend to stay engaged with myself in a routine, even when i feel i haven't been able to complete my work assignment.
how did you break your leg?
i am really glad you are feeling better! i wish you all the best.
you can also try out the classes online too. there is a lot of helpful information on youtube.
i am glad you are able to get some rest. i am so happy that they are making you stay home!
i can understand how you feel. i was scared for my parents too at first, but they were not able to take any actions. i do understand how scary it is to be in a situation like that though.
i am so glad that you are able to get to spend time with your loved ones. it is really nice to be able too.
what do you do for work?
what do you mean by difficult?
it sounds like you are handling it well. it is important to keep safe. it sounds as though you are trying to make a plan.
i know you can do it, but i think you need to stay safe and healthy.
oh wow that sounds like a lot going on. i am thinking of doing that myself.
i think it would be helpful to take care of yourself first before going out for any extended periods of time.
i see. how often do you go out?
what are your finals in?
i hope that i have been able to help you a little bit. i think you'll do well.
i can not wait for my finals!!!
you are welcome and good luck with the finals. i am sure you will do great!
yes, i am with my family.
i hope we are able to chat again soon.
yes. hopefully things can go back up in normal soon
it is nice to meet you
so i am sorry to hear that. so your life is not good?
i see. you lost your job recently? that is a very difficult situation to be in. i am sorry to hear that. is there anyone you can talk to about this?
that is great that you have some options in the future.
i think they give you a list of eligible programs. i am not sure where you are located, but there are a lot of programs for people with no job that help to get started.
what kind of job are you looking for?
i know a lot of people who lost their jobs due to the pandeic and i am sure you can find a solution to the problem as well
i think it would be good to look into it. it may not be free but it will help you.
i think that it is important to reach out to your local government and see what they can help you with.
thank you! you are doing the right thing by reaching out here and sharing your feelings
you are very welcome. i wish you all the best!
your welcome!
you're welcome, i hope you have a wonderful day!
bye
you too
when did this start?
i can understand. it is hard to stay calm when you are worried about things that you think are normal.
i completely understand. and i am also worried about the vaccine being made for everyone.
i can see how that could be very difficult for you. i can understand why you feel that way.
you are doing the right thing by having to provide. you are the right person to ask for help and support.
i find it very useful to have a list of things to do each day. i have found that when i need something, i use that list to make it quick.
i completely understand. the pandemic has been a real issue in the us and people are afraid to go outside because of it.
i am sorry i should have been more specific. you can set your own boundaries and be outside during this time. i am sure that you have heard of this before, and it does help.
i have found that when i try focusing on my own problems, i can be more productive. i try not to think too much into what i can control, but do not let the pressure control me.
i think it would be helpful to find a solution to the problem rather than worrying about it.
i am sorry to hear that. i am sure it is not just you!
i think it is important to remember that you are not overthinking. i believe that you know what you are doing and you are putting your best foot forward.
i can see how that could be frustrating, but i think it is important to remember that you are not doing anything wrong, and that you do not need to worry if you are having problems.
you can also try to talk to your friends and see what their opinion is.
yes, it is a terrible situation. i think you will be able overcome it eventually.
you are very welcome. i hope things get better for you soon.
i am good, how are your friends doing today?
i am a female : ) have you tried any online support groups?
that is great that you have a wonderful family! i think you are going to be so glad you are seeing them soon.
i understand completely. my partner is also a terrible person. it took me some time to get over it, but i eventually got over it.
i am also very much a stay at home mom and i understand how difficult and difficult this must be for you and your daughter. i was a stay home mom. i did not have friends and family. i had to deal with my own feelings and my parents were not there.
i believe that she will eventually realise she has a problem and that it is not her fault.
i am sure you are feeling much better about the situation now.
that sounds like a really great support system.
and i think you are also doing a great job at being there for her.
merry christmas!
i think it is great that you are reaching out here for support. i believe in you.
and merry xmas!
i am sorry to hear that. what is troubling you?
i am sorry to here that. i can understand why you would feel that way.
are you able to get any sort of work?
that is really difficult, but it sounds like you have a lot going on in your life. i am sure that you will be able to get through this!
it sounds like you are really trying hard to get through this, but you are not doing it at the same time. it sounds as though you are trying really hard to put things into perspective and make it through.
i totally understand. when i was going through a similar situation, i had a lot of stress and anxiety over my ex's leaving. it took me a while to find my way around, and i found a way through it, but it took a while. i think it is important to remember to stay
that is great news! i know it can be difficult to get everything out in the open right now but i know you can do it!
i think you are doing the right thing. you are handling this very well!
i am happy to hear it!
how long have you been studying for covid?
do you feel that you can not do it at your school?
why do you think you will fail badly?
it is really great that you are taking this course now, it will be a great experience for you
i understand why you are feeling anxious, but you can do this!
studies have been shown that people who are less motivated than you are are more likely to succeed. it is a good thing you are willing to take the risk and make the right decision!
that is true, but it is also important to see if you can meet people locally, and see what the campus has to offer.
well thats good that you are taking steps to make sure that you get your degree. i know that this is a tough situation, but you will get there eventually!
you have a point. i can see how that would be stressful. have you tried zoom zoom meetings?
you too!
i am so sorry to hear that. how can i help you?
what do you mean by sad?
i am so sorry to here that. i am sure he is feeling the same way.
have you tried speaking to your husband about this?
i think it might be time to talk to your husband and see what he can do to make things work. you seem like a really caring and kind person.
do you think you could talk to your boyfriend about how you are feelings about him?
that is great! if you ever need to talk again, i am here for you! i am glad that i could be of help.
you are very welcome. i wish you the best of luck in the future!
i am glad i could help, and you as well!
what is going on?
is there something specific you want to talk to me about? i am very sorry to here that you are feeling this way.
it seems that you feel as though people haven't helped you financially enough. does that sound right?
i can understand that. i have felt embarrassed and ashamed as well when it happened.
that is very hard.. i know you are feeling like you are going to be alone in this situation and that is hard, but i know it will get better.
is there any way you could get help for your bills?
i am glad to hear that. have there been any talks about how to move forward?
is there anything else you would like to talk about?
i understand. i have been in a similar situation myself. it is great that you are able to connect and get help from someone. i wish you all the best.
i am glad i could be some help.
you will find it soon enough. just keep your head up and try not to panic. i know you are feeling a bit anxious right now but it is okay to feel anxious.
i understand. i have been in the exact same situation before. i was working on a project for a company and it was very stressful and i felt like i was being treated poorly.
you are welcome.
you too!
hello! how are you today?
i am sorry to hear that. would you like to talk about it?
i am sorry to hear that. so you feel as though you are not able to afford them due to covid?
oh i am sorry to here that, i hope your kids will be understanding of this.
i am sorry to here that you are depressed. do you have any friends or family around that can help you out with this?
have you thought about using something like a shelter? there are plenty of free online resources for people in need of support and would make you feel good to think of something that would make them smile.
that is such a great idea! i would definitely get a cardboard fort with a cardboard case.
i think that would be an excellent idea. if you have them doing crafts and they enjoy them, i am pretty sure they would enjoy them too!
i think that would be a great start. i think it would also be a good way to get their attention.
it is so nice to get a chance to have some fun with them. i wish you the best of luck! i hope that your kids appreciate the opportunity to be around their grandson!
i do not have any information on them, but i do have a list of things i can put on my wall and make into virtual gifts. i have decorated a lot in my life, but also have made some small gifts for my kids and their friends. i do love to get together and get together to
i am so glad! i wish you all the best.
i am so glad i was able to help!
i am good, how can i help you? i am here for you.
i understand why you are feeling that way. do you have friends that can listen to you? or do you need someone to talk to?
i understand that you feel that way. can you tell me more about your friend
i understand how you feel. i have been in your shoes. i am sorry
what about you? what do you think is the cause of your feelings?
i think that your friend is just a friend
try to get into some new activities to get yourself more social
maybe try to join a group of people who study something that is interesting
it was very nice of you to be there
i hope i have been able to help you today.
ok
bye
hello, how are you today?
how can we help you tonight?
i am doing well. how long have you been friends?
i am female. i do not think it is a problem with girls. i think it might be a problem of the person choosing to fight, they are not going to change.
thank you. i wish you all the best in your future.
i have not had that problem. i am only 65 and i know that my husband does not either.
does your grandchild understand how you feel?
oh wow, that is really hard. i am sorry that happened to you. did you try talking to your friend and explaining that to her?
that is not good. is there anything that could make you feel better about it?
have you tried to talk to her about this?
have you tried to talk to her and see if she has any support groups for her child?
that sounds like a really hard situation. have they been able to talk about it with you?
you are welcome. i hope i was able to be of some help.
you are welcome. i hope you are feeling better soon.
i see. so you feel that you are not doing well in your school and you are feeling bad about it?
have you talked to anyone about this?
would you like to tell me what specifically is bothering you about it?
i see. i see that you are feeling a little bad about it. do you feel that you can control your emotions at home?
do you have any friends who are close to your parents who could maybe help you with that? i know they are probably best to see someone if they have any issues with their parents
i understand. i have had some of the same problems.
do you have any friends or family you can talk to about this with?
i am sure they will be able to get help.
maybe you should try to talk to your friends again?
it sounds as though you are having a really hard time getting over this issue.
why do you think your parents are going to do that? is there something else?
i think it would help to talk to them and express your feelings so they can help understand you better.
what are some of your hobbes?
i am glad that you are able to understand how you are feeling. i know it is hard right now. but maybe try to talk to your friends and family about your feelings and see if they can help.
i think if you write down your feelings in a journal it will make you more confident.
of course! i am glad i could help! i wish you all the best!
you too!
i am doing good. how are your plans for the weekend?
i am sorry to hear that. why do not you feel like you can get over it?
i can understand how that can make you feel. i have been there.
i can tell that you are feeling a bit overwhelmed right now.
have there been any hobbies that you enjoy doing?
i would say give it a few weeks before you move on to a new life.
i have gone on several dates and have found myself to be more interested in being with friends.
maybe coffee is a great idea. do you have a favorite place to go?
coffee is always a good idea!
no problem, i hope you find a way to make the most of it.
how are you doing today?
so it sounds like you are feeling down about your situation?
have you tried to talk to your loved ones?
have you tried to talk to them about this? maybe they might be able to help you get some help?
it seems like you are very concerned about your family and children and are struggling to get through this difficult time.
that is great! i am glad you were able to connect with him.
i have done it a few times. i have had to do it for almost a year. i do not have kids and the kids are only 2 and 2. it helps to keep my mind occupied.
i am sure your son will understand. it sounds like he would be willing to help you as well.
have they ever tried to talk to you?
thanks for talking, i hope that i have been able to help you with your concerns.
yes, you are a strong person and you are doing your best.
you are so welcome. i hope you are feeling a little better. i know you can do this!
hi! how are you doing today?
what are you worried about?
i can understand how that is going through you... i have been through a similar situation myself.
do you have any family close to you that you can talk to?
i can understand that. i have been divorced and i have to live with my parents. i can not imagine how hard it must be. i know you can get through it though.
i understand.. i have been divorced several times. i can not imagine what you are going through.
it seems like you have been able to see them more than once a year. have they been able too?
that is great that you are planning to visit and it will be a memory for them. it is great you are willing to take time off and help them. i hope that things get better for you and your family soon.
are you in the us?
that is a great idea!
i am sorry to hear that. i can understand how that would be frustrating. have you tried to talk to them recently?
i think that it is important to keep in touch with your friends. do you think you could get a little space to yourself?
maybe you should try to get more comfortable with yourself.
i know it is hard but you can do it!
have you asked any of the people who are asking you what your interests are?
i have had a few friends who did not like me either. they were kind of like,'no you's not, i am not that good at your style. '
perhaps you could start out by being a bit more open about your interest.. i am sure you wouldn't be so hard on yourself.
i do recommend joining one. i also like redd. it has a lot of different genres of animation.
yes, you can do it. join an online group and see what happens.
i see.. i can see how that can be a concern. i think you will be fine. do not worry about it.
it is not that you are rejected. you are just not the right person for the group. you can try joining something else.
have you thought about trying to find a new hobby? maybe join a group of friends or something you haven'ts your interest.
you are welcome! i hope you have a great day!
i think you will do great!
how old are they?
how old are they?
just be calm and let them get their way
try to tell them that you do not need them to study and you are there to help them study
then try to talk to your kids and see if they understand
i think you should give them thier phones and then you can study them
you can not tell them that but you can
yes but try to give them a good grade
i am sure your kids will love your effort
no problem i hope it works out for you
your welcome
i am sorry to hear that. why do you think it is going to be a bad break up?
i am sorry to see that. i can understand how you are feeling.
it sounds like you are feeling a lot of sadness about the breakup and the whole situation. is that true?
that sounds like a really difficult situation. do you have a support system in place to help you get through this?
it sounds like you have been busy with school and are focusing on other important things.
would you consider doing some volunteer work?
i know it is tough, but remember that you are working hard and that you deserve to be successful. it is not easy but it is a step in the right direction.
i think that is a great approach. i think it is great that you are getting out of the funk and making new goals!
thank you! i wish your best too.
i am glad that you are considering it. there are also free online counselling services that can help you find some good advice.
i am sure you will get through it. i am glad i was able to help you and i wish that you all of the best in your future.
you are welcome. i am glad i could be a bit more help.
you are very welcome. it is great that you are being positive and trying to find ways forward.
how are you doing today?
i am good thanks. how are you doing?
i am so sorry to hear that. what is on your mind?
how are you feeling about it?
i am so sorry to hear that. do you have anyone to help you out?
have the paperwork been done already?
i know you can do it.
i understand. it is very difficult to get a loan.
try talking to your friend and tell her how much you want to be paid off
a doctor would be a great place to start.
i am sorry you are going through that right now.
that is great that you are trying to get through this.
i am sure that they would be able to help and you will not have to worry about that.
i am glad that you are doing well. you are not alone in this situation.
well i would try and talk to them and see if you can get your financial aid from the school. i hope it works out for you
i hope i was able to be of some help to you today
you are very welcome and merry christmas to you too
you too
merry christmas and take care to
what is going on?
hi, how are you doing today?
how can i help you?
is there anything else going on?
i am so sorry to hear that.
it must be hard for you to understand
take some time to relax and take some new hobbies
just give her some time to herself and let her know how you feel
just take some time and let her know that you are happy
i think you will be fine
i think you should give your friends some space to talk to you about it
you can go out for a walk and go out with friends and have a nice time
i am good, thanks. what is going on with your girlfriend?
i hear you. i have been there myself. what do you think the cause of your problem is?
i would suggest trying to find a new job if you can. do you have a support system you could use?
i would ask them about it. it is not always easy to find out about your problem.
i understand that it is tough to get professional help right now. have you talked to your employer about it?
i think that it is important to bring it up to them, especially if you are not sure why.
it is good that you are open about your problem.
i can understand being scared to be fired, but i think you are doing the right thing. i am sure you will be fine.
yes, i feel that it is very difficult to ignore these kinds of things. i think you should talk to your boss and see how he can help you.
i am sure you will be fine.
you are welcome.
yes, i think we are all anxious about this.
well, i have to say i am glad that i could help : )
i do hope that i have given you some comfort.
i would go to a local mental health department and ask if they would be willing to help you with anything that could help you get treatment.
you are such a good person for doing that : ), i am glad you are feeling better.
i am in the uk too. it is very interesting how the system works. i can not wait for my doctor to come back from the hospital, i am so afraid.
i hope you can find some solution : ) i am sure there is no harm in asking for help : ) do you need anything?
i am glad you are feeling better.
yes it is really not fun at all. i am glad you are trying to get out though!
i am glad i was able to help you out!
i hope you get to see your doctor soon.
hello, how are you?
i am fine thanks, how can i help you today?
i am sorry to hear that. what is going on that is making you feel that way?
oh, i am so sorry to hear that. can you tell me what the issue is?
how long ago was this?
i can see why you are feeling that way.
do you think they are upset about you saying something that you wouldn't normally say?
what was the fight about?
no problem, i hope you can find a way to work through it together.
i am glad i could help. i hope you can manage to talk to them and then get to know them better
bye
you too!
hi, how are you?
i am doing good. what is on your mind?
i can understand your feeling. i am sorry to hear that.
you can still be important, just be prepared to be disappointed with your future.
it sounds like you have been trying really hard to be meaningful with your life. i know it is hard to believe.
i know that it is hard to find a good validation, but i know you can get through this.
what do you think is going on?
is there anything else you would like to talk about?
what else can i help you with?
i would suggest doing it more frequently too.
i am glad to hear that. i know you can do it!
bye
it sounds like you got a grade below the average of your class. is that correct?
i am sure that it was a good grade. do you have a study group you could talk to?
what kind of grade was it?
i think you should be proud of yourself for reaching out to help get better grades.
it depends on the professor, but i would consider trying to make a few extra credits.
that is really not fair! have you tried talking to your professor?
if you do not get any extra credit, you can try to study more?
i know that can be hard when you are not doing well but i think you can get through it!
i am glad i could help.
you are very welcome, have a great day
you are welcome!
you are welcome! you have a great day!
merry christmas to you as well!
i am so sorry to hear that. is there any way you can reach out to me to talk about it with you?
it sounds like you are struggling financially because you are not able to get the job. do you think this is due to covid?
that is great to hear! i know you can do it! i am sure you will find something soon.
do you have a lot of experience with engineering?
it sounds like you are prepared to find your job and then have a chance to find another one. what are some of your options for that job?
there are a lot of companies that are hiring right now. i think you might be able to find something in your area.
i think you can do it! i believe in you.
you could always look into gig economy.
i can understand that. i have been there myself. it is hard to keep in touch with people when you are not working.
i understand. i would definitely recommend spending more time in your home as well. i have heard that it is very hard to find work during the pandemics.
i would suggest taking a few minutes for yourself and your family to relax, which may help to calm your anxiety.
is there something else you would like to talk about?
i am glad i could help.
you are welcome. i wish you the best of luck. i hope that you have an awesome day.
i am sorry to hear that.
i am good, whats going on?
that is not fair. i am sorry you are having to deal with that.
i can understand that. in my experience, if you are not able to tolerate unfair treatment in the work place, you are likely to be unhappy with the result.
that sounds like a very long time ago. i can understand how you are feeling.
i can see how that would make you feel a little bit upset when you are given a choice between log out or go.
ah... i see. so your coworkers do not have any say in the matter. you are being paid to perform your work and you are not getting paid to do it.
that must be difficult. it must be hard for any of you. this sounds very difficult for you
i think that is a very good idea. i think it would be a very positive thing to reach out and see what your manager's stance is.
you are most welcome, i wish you all the best.
you too, have a wonderful day!
hello, how are you?
how may i help you today?
i am sorry to hear that. what is going on?
that is a tough spot to be in. i know how hard it can be, but it is worth it.
i hear you. i have been having a similar fear lately.
i think you should take the time to reflect on the things that are really bothering you, like your stress. i have been in that position myself, and it can be really difficult to get through, but you should try to think about what you want to do right now.
i am sorry to hear that. i am sure that you have made some steps in the right direction with this.
have your coworkers spoken to you about this?
i definitely recommend that you focus on other things too.
you are welcome! i wish you all the best in the future.
your welcome.
i am a student and i am very interested in art and science.
i love to go on walks, i have found it really helpful to take walks on trails or trails with a friend or family member.
i am so happy to hear that! what is on your mind?
i live in the uk. where are your hobbiesfriends?
i live in california too! i am a lady who loves to visit my home.
so you feel that you are being treated unfairly for your class?
i think you are doing the right thing. have you tried reaching out to your professor for help?
i think you should take some time for yourself. try to do things to help you feel better.
you should start with things you really enjoy doing, like reading or playing video games.
i think that it is a great idea to try to get some support. there is no shame in seeking help.
you can also try out a book called anxic therapy. it helps you relax and get your mind off of things.
i can completely understand where you are coming from. i also struggled with my grades as well, so i understand how you feel.
i think that would be a great idea. you have a lot of support groups that you could join.
i had a group of friends that were religious as well and they did a great job.
you are very welcome. i am glad i could be of some help!
how may i help you today?
i can see that you are very anxious about this.
what is it about your dreams that makes you feel so depressed?
i have had some pretty awful dreams myself. i have tried to get a good night's sleep and it does help. i also try to get out and walk. i try to take a walk outside to get my mind off things.
i have experienced a few routine routings, but i have found that it is best to take deep breaths and get to know yourself before trying to meditate.
i am glad to hear it. have there been any talks of getting a second opinion?
have you tried any other forms of meditation? i have found that sitting down and breathing in a mindset that i can listen to while i am meditating to clear the mind of anxiety.
have you tried speaking to your friends about your problems?
i have had the same problem. i have also found that listening to a good listener can be helpful. i always have a good listen when i need to talk.
exercise is great for releasing stress, which is why it is good to exercise.
i used to get really depressed when i was stressed. i found that calming down and meditating helped me relax.
oh i see. so you are a student with a job.
that is great! i am glad you have your friends who are open to you. you can do this.
i am really glad that i could help. i wish you all the best with everything!
i am happy to hear it! it sounds like you have a great support system there. i hope you have an awesome day!
i am happy to help!
i hope i was able to help you out!
you as well!
hello, how are you doing today?
i am doing well. what is going on?
i am so sorry to hearing that. i can understand how that would make you feel.
i am glad you are able to get through this.
do you have any family or friends that you can talk to about it?
are you married?
i can definitely understand that. i have felt the same way before when i found out how i was feeling. i would feel like i was being thrown out of my comfort zone and my friends were talking about how i needed to get out and that i needed space and that is the only thing i had to do
it is. it seems like it is getting worse.
oh that sounds terrible. i can not imagine how awful that must have been.
i know you are feeling better now, but i would suggest that you try to think of ways that you can make new friends, even if that is just by talking to one another.
how are you doing today?
oh wow, that is a lot going on. i am sorry to hear that.
what industry are you in?
i can understand that. have you considered looking for a different career?
yes, its a tough situation but you will get through it.
i think thats a good way to address it. it will be easier to find out how much they have to pay if you can.
yea, i can see your frustration and worry. but remember, its your life and you have every right to be angry, anxious, and upset
if you are good at everything, it might help to start small. start small, work up to big goal, then make sure you are prepared for all the worst.
i think you are a great person, i know it is hard, but you are strong and can do this!
that is true, but it is good that you are thinking about it, because it is better to be able to help than not.
i hope it all works out for you!
goodnight
i am doing well. i am glad to hear that you are staying positive.
oh. i am so sorry to hear that.
oh i see. i understand.
i found a job that was very easy. i would apply online and go to jobs that i could get.
do you have a friend who you could talk to? they might be able to get you on medication for a little while
it is ok, it is not easy but i am working at it now. i do love dogs, they are cute and i am hoping they will be able to help with some of the bills i am facing.
i think that is a good idea. that way you can see what you really want to do and what you actually want to be doing.
that is great. i wish you all the best!
what field do you work in?
i wish you all the best!
sure! what is going on?
so you feel you are being used by others who are not your friends?
i hear you. have you talked to your friend about how you feel?
have you ever tried to talk to your friends and family about this?
i have had friends like that, it can be hard to make friends that care for you when you are being used.
i am sorry to hear that. have you spoken to them in a professional setting?
i think it would be best to not say anything to either of them. you are not alone in feeling this way, i am sure.
do not ever force your family into something you hate. if you feel that you can not handle them, then try not to make any demands or demands.
do you want to discuss your feelings with me?
i am glad i could help.
hi, how are you?
how are you feeling?
hello, how are you doing today?
how are you today?
depression is a very hard disease to deal with. it can be very upsetting and upsetting.
can you tell me what you mean by conflicting thoughts?
i understand how you feel, especially when it is a sudden change. but have you tried to talk to her about it?
if you have a job that will pay well and is able to support you, then it is a good time to start looking for new jobs.
i understand that. i would suggest trying to find something online or even online that you can work on in the meantime.
i would recommend seeking out job interviews online. you can find a good job there, and that will be able to support you until you find a new job.
yes you have, it is just a matter of time until you find a new job.
i am glad i could be of some help.
you are so welcome and good luck with everything.
i believe in you, it is not easy but it will get easier.
sometimes i think that we should stay calm and have fun, but when we overreact and do nothing, we are just being sad.
it is all about you not looking at it that way.
that is wonderful! i hope that helped and i am glad that i was able to help you.
i am glad i could help. i hope you feel better now
merry christmas to you too!
hi, how are you today?
is there something specific that they need help with?
would you like to talk about it?
i can understand how you feel. i have been feeling the same way.
i am sorry to hear that. i think it would be best for you to get some help from your coworker as it is their job and their decision to get vaccines. do you have anyone in your line of work that you can talk to about this?
have you thought about trying to get them to talk to you? i would be worried about them too.
it is very difficult to hear what is going on when you are working in a situation like this. i would suggest that you try to reach out to some of your colleagues and see what they think.
that is understandable. do you have any friends that you can talk to about this? maybe a group of people you can confide in about the situation?
i would try it. have you ever tried meditating?
i am really not sure what my point is. i understand how you feel. i have done things like that before.
it might help to talk to a supervisor about this, perhaps even if the boss is understanding, they will understand.
is there anything else that you want to talk about?
that is wonderful to hear! i hope that i was able to help.
i hope you have a lovely evening and a great rest of your day!
i would definitely suggest reaching out to your supervisor if you feel like you can not reach out to him. you can always reach out again if you need to talk to someone else.
i would also like to suggest that there is a book called ` the power of habit'' that you can download and read and enjoy. i think you can also find it on amazon, they have some really great books.
i am sorry to hear that. i am sure you are feeling very sad right now.
i am sorry to hear that. is there anything that i can help you with?
is it possible to get a plane ticket?
i can totally understand that. covid has really affected everyone.
i understand that completely. i also worry when my friends or family get sick. it does not seem like its normal to be worried about it.
do you get any exercise? i know that it can help with stress.
i understand. but there is always support groups. and i think it might help you get through your exams and get your mind off of things.
i understand that. it can be scary but you can not get caught up on it. i think you can do it.
i am glad you are okay. i would recommend finding a book or movie that you can watch while studying.
i am glad that you are safe. you as well.
why do you think he dropped you?
i am sure you are not alone.
i can understand how that feels
i can understand why you feel sad, but just try to think of the good times he had with you.
that is a good way to think. do you feel that you can get over him? do you have anyone to talk to about this issue?
do you have a friend or family around?
i am sorry you are feeling this way.
yes, i can understand that. you need to think for yourself, and be strong.
you should go out to a bar or somewhere. have a nice dinner together. go out with friends.
maybe just call him, text him, and see if he will meet you there?
i think you should give it a go, but do not hold back! i believe in you!
i suggest giving him a call and explaining how you feel. if he is not responsive, you can say something like ` i am not sure if i am meant to be here.''
i am glad you think so.
you can do it!
you are welcome. you will get through this!
hello, how are you today?
so you are feeling angry because of something that happened?
i see... i can understand how you feel. how long have you been friends with your friend?
it is understandable that you feel that way. it is especially hard when we can not see our friends in the best light.
i am sorry, but it sounds like you are dealing with a lot of difficult situations.
perhaps you could talk to her about how you feel and see what the problem is
yeah, i would just talk to her. maybe she just doesnt like you and wants to share her problems with you.
i think you should just let her know you are sorry and be honest with her. i would suggest that if she does not want to open up and share her feelings, just do not tell her you dont want to. you can do that, but it might be better to talk it out with her first.
i can see why that would be stressful. but if she is being rude, i would ask her what she thinks.
that sounds great! i wish you all the best with everything and know that you will be able to take care of yourself.
that is great! it is great you have a plan and are so glad you are here to help. i wish you all the best!
you are very welcome!
it is nice to have someone to talk with. you have been talking a lot today and it really helps to get some closure on things.
i hope i have been able to be of some help to you and i wish you the best of luck.
hi, how are you doing?
i am so sorry to hear that. i have had some issues with my social circle, but i know it will be okay. what is your problem?
i am sure you will be able to find new friends soon, keep your head up.
i understand that, but have you tried to find out what is causing you to feel this way?
you are in recovery. it will take some time but you will get through this!
it is a very difficult situation, but it can be really helpful.
ah yes, it is very difficult to not worry about that right now. it sounds like you are doing your best and i think it is a great idea to start out with a few meetings and then work up to a full support group.
you can also try to make a list of all the people who are doing the supporting groups you are doing and then pick a group to join with. i know you can do it, just be sure to include your gender in the name.
i am a religious person myself, i think that a lot of people feel the same way you do, especially in this time of year.
you are right, that would be very difficult, i am sorry you feel that way.
i would suggest a group called your local church or a group of friends you could join.
maybe you can try talking to him in person, maybe he will be more open to it.
i am happy to hear that you have someone who cares about you and that you are being open to talking about it with.
thats good to hear, i am glad that he has a support system. i know it is hard, but you have to do what makes you happy.
and sometimes just talking through your feelings can help you out a lot.
you too!!!
hello how are you today?
i am sorry to hear that. what is the problem?
i understand that. that is a really difficult situation. i am sorry you are going through that.
i understand how you feel. it is not always easy to get the higher position but i know you can get it.
that can make things very difficult when everyone else is looking for help. you should try to talk to your supervisor about that.
it sounds like you are being very difficult with your situation and i think that is why you are nervous
i can understand that. have they asked for help during your interview?
i understand it is difficult to see that others see that you are doing your best but you can not just let it go without being honest.
maybe there is someone in the office that could help you with this.
it is a very bad time to be in college. i am sure you will be able find a better job.
do you have anyone else who could help you get the paperwork done?
i think you will be successful in other ways that you can get your transcripts out
i think you have a great head on your shoulders and your cowork seems to appreciate that.
i would try to reach out with your manager for more train that is possible to you
you are welcome. it was nice talking to you today.
you as well
how are you doing today?
do you feel that you have failed at accomplishing by your age?
i understand, and i think that it is important to be kind to yourself.
so it seems that you are feeling the same way as you used to, but it is hard to find a balance between the two?
it seems like you are feeling quite the pressure to feel like this at the time of the pandemic.
i went through a period of depression about 15 years ago. i found that trying to put myself in a more positive perspective helped me to feel more positive.
i think it is great that you are reaching out here for help, i wish you the best of luck!
is there anything else you would like to talk about?
i find that it helps to talk about it. i often get upset at the way some people are saying that they are depressed, but i feel that there is more to life than that. i think that sometimes people are just being hard on themselves, and not being able to accept that they might be depressed.
i think you have a great attitude and care about yourself. you are doing the right thing!
i completely understand. i have also struggled with finding a job, and it was not until recently that i found something i really wanted.
it is okay, i understand. i can understand why you feel that way.
i understand that. it is difficult to find support from a group like that and i can relate to how difficult that can be. i know that it is very difficult and very scary for young people. it can be difficult when you are struggling. i have found that there are a lot of people who have autism
it is very interesting. i would love to be able to help you out. i am sure you will be just fine.
well, it is better that you do not know about it. it may help you find a career path that will help you out.
yes, i also am not sure. i have a lot of friends who are in this position and it is very encouraging. i hope you have a wonderful day and i wish you all the best in your future!
you are welcome! i am glad to hear that.
you as well!
okay : ) bye
what happened?
what lie?
how long has this been going on for?
i can tell how upset you are that he saw that.
that does sound like a hurtful thing to say to someone you care about.
have you talked to him about how he was feeling?
i can tell you are really hurt about this. i can understand how you are feeling.
i can feel how hurt you are by this. i am sorry you have to go through this, but i know you can make it through this.
it sounds like you are having a hard time with your boss. is this correct?
i would suggest talking to hr about this. hr is not always the best place to be in these situations.
is there a way you could speak to your boss about it? it may help with your anxiety and other feelings.
i would suggest a mediation with hr. i think that would be the best first step.
yes, i would do that. i think you will be able to work through this and make the right choices for her.
sounds like a plan!
that is great! i am happy to hear that. i wish you all the best with this new year's eve.
you could try to talk to your boss about the situation with your coworkers. you may have a chance of communicating with them and explaining how you feel.
i wish you all the best!
you too.
i can feel how you are feeling
i understand how you feel. i am really sorry you are going through this. i know it can be hard to get angry, especially when you love your mom so badly.
are you a woman?
i can see how this would make you feel sad.
i am sorry to hear that, but you will get through this.
it sounds like you really care about your mom. is there anything else that would help?
it is important to express yourself in a way that will help you.
have you spoken to any other friends that you can talk to about this?
i think it is important to remember that your friends are important to you as well. if you are not feeling good with them then you need to find a new outlet to connect with them in order to make sense of your feelings.
i think that you should let your mom know that you feel that you have trust issues.
yes, she probably does not know how to give you a gift, but it is important to make sure that she is understanding.
you are very welcome! have a lovely day.
i am good thanks. how can i help you today?
so you have been feeling burned out and want to move on?
i understand that. it is tough to get through a lot of things in life.
i can understand how you feel.. people are really complaining about their own problems right now.
i think that you should be proud of your job and find that you are making a great choice.
i understand that. the world is full of people who have to deal with the pressure and pressure of life right now. i know it is tough, but you can do it!
that sounds like a really good idea. i think you have the right attitude and that will be a great way to get back to a normal life.
i think that you have been handling this very well. the only thing you need to worry about is keeping yourself busy. you are already working hard to put your mind off.
exactly!
i think it would be a great idea to have fun and then do something fun later.
i am sorry to hear that. would you be willing to give it a try?
i am sure it would not. there are therapists out there that can help you.
you are definitely right, you are responsible for your patients.
you are welcome!
what is going on?
i am sorry to hear that. would you be willing to talk with someone about it?
i see. do you have anyone to talk to about it?
if you are feeling depressed, you might want to talk to your doctor about this, but they should be able to help you figure out how to get through this.
i have felt like that too, but i found that it is not worth it to do that and it can make you feel any worse.
i think it would be great to start out with this, as it may help to clear your head and get some closure about what is bothering you.
i know it is a tough situation but i am sure you will feel better soon.
okay, so i am glad i was able to provide you with some support. have you tried other forms of therapy?
it is great to hear.. i hope you feel better soon and know that you can get this done!
hello, how are you today?
i understand that it is very difficult to move on from a terrible relationship
i can understand how that can make you feel. have you tried to get them to talk to a counsellor?
well i mean just relax and enjoy the day and take some deep breaths.
i am sure that if you do the right thing you can make them feel better and make them realize that they are not the only ones in this situation.
you are welcome!
i am so glad to hear that. you got this!
if you are not pooping you are never right for each other. you need to find who you are looking for.
haha! well, i hope i have been able to be of some help to you. i know that things will get better.
so it sounds like you feel like you are being bullied and you are feeling like you can not do anything about it?
that is really frustrating, but i think you can do it!
i can see how that would make you feel that way. i have been in your shoes before. i had a supervisor who did the exact same thing to me. i tried to be more helpful, but she did not listen. i did not get to work as well as i could have. i was treated
i have been there myself. i was in that position before. i know how hard it is to make a difference in a team.
i can understand why you feel like this.
it is ok to feel bad, i believe that you are doing the right thing and you deserve the best.
i have had situations like that happen. i know how hard it is.
i have had the same experience when i was in school. it is a very hard situation to be in when everyone is so busy.
i think it is good that you are taking the initiative and trying to get better at your job. you have done a great job.
it is a good idea. there are so many different ways to handle things like that. i would suggest that you talk to your manager about it and see what options they have given you.
i am glad i could be of some help : )
i am sorry to hear that. what is going on?
oh, i see. i can understand that. i think a lot of people are afraid to talk about their fears in a group.
it seems like you are having a really hard time with that.
i am a college student. i am required to take public speaking at this point. is that something you have considered?
i am glad that you are feeling a bit better about it! i think it would help to try to think of ways to combat this anxiety. is there something you can do to help yourself overcome this fear?
okay that sounds like a good idea! i am sure you will do just fine!
i am sure you can do it. i think you are just going to have to focus on the important parts and then you will be able to make it through the rest
i am happy to hear that! i wish you all the best.
you should definitely try out some of the zoom groups that are available. it is really helpful to have a group to help with this situation and i am confident you will do well. there are also lots of support groups online that will help you with this too.
have you considered seeing a therapist?
i know how that feels, i have tried to quit too but it was very difficult and i did not feel like i could control it. i just kept trying and trying and it just ended up not working for me
thank you!
you are welcome. i hope i have helped you a little and hope that i have given you some comfort.
i do too! it is so hard to be public about things we do not need to worry about.
i have faith in you and believe in you! i am here to help you. i am praying for you and i know you are going to be able to get through this!
you too.. you have to end the chat now. i am going to bed and pray for you.
merry christmas and god will bless you as much as he will.
hello how are you today?
i am good. thanks for asking. how are your days going?
it sounds like you have been dealing with a lot of conflict lately..
i understand how you feel. it is very difficult to be close to someone when you feel like you can not trust them.
i am sure that you all have talked about this before and it is not something that is really obvious to her. i think it is important that you talk about this.
i can see how that would be difficult. it is really not healthy for her to be having such a strong opinion in person. i can understand how that could be difficult to hear.
have you considered contacting the therapist?
have her and her husband been able to discuss the situation?
therapy is so expensive. i can see why you feel that way.
have her other cousin be able to speak to your cousin about the issues?
well, i hope that this will be helpful to you. i know you have a lot of people in your life who would be happy to help you out in these times. i hope you can find some comfort in the fact that you are both capable of expressing your feelings.
thank you! i am glad you think so. it has been nice to talk to you!
you too!
bye!!!
i am doing well. how are things with you? do you have anything on your mind?
it sounds like you are feeling anxious.
i understand how you feel. i know how much it sucks when they are not being able to do anything and you feel like you are stuck inside.
i have felt the same way about the past few months. i have had to deal with this personally. i just try to focus on the good things and not the bad.
that is very true. it is a good thing that you are playing the politics game well though. it will help you move forward in your life. have you tried talking to any of your kids about this?
i am a big fan of movies as well!
i love to read and write. i am currently trying to learn a new hobby.
i like going out for a walk or going for a run. i usually walk about 20 minutes at a time. i also like to write down what i am going to do. i write it down. i then put it in my head and then put a bubble wrap around it. i put a stin@@
that is great! i think that is a great way to get back to the basics of life and enjoy the outdoors. i think it is great that you are taking care of yourself and making your own trails.
i have been trying to get outside more, and i love to go for a walk. i also love to read and write.
i have never been anywhere outside of the chicago area but i have wanted to go there. i think i have been wanting to go to a park nearby, but i am not sure if i would like to see any snow.
yoga is really great for the body and mind. you are so welcome! i am glad that you are getting to try it.
i can understand why your friend is having a difficult time. is he feeling alone and alone?
hello! how can i help?
i can understand that his behavior is causing you to feel this way. i think you need to make him get professional help.
i can understand how that would make you feel. i know it is hard when you are not able to trust someone.
you seem to have a good understanding of his situation and it is great that you are reaching out for support. i am sure that you will find some solution.
i am sure you are very good friends for talking to him continuously. it sounds like you are doing a great job of handling this situation.
it is good that you have a friend who is understanding of this issue. i am sure that he will be understanding and i am glad that you did that. do you think you could maybe talk to him about his issues?
have he ever tried meditation, it is something that can help him to calm down and get some sleep.
i am glad to hear that you are able to get some support from someone who is struggling with it. have you tried to talk to your doctor about it?
i am sure he will be able to find some help in the time it takes to get his meds back and it is important that you stay safe.
do you have any friends or family who may have this problem?
you are very welcome! i am glad i could help.
i have had it a few times myself. i had to deal with a lot of anxiety and depression after i found out i had it and it was really difficult for me.
you are welcome. please reach out and let me know how you feel.
you too.
you too!
how are you feeling today?
i am doing well. is there anything going on that is bothering you?
what is going on?
what seems to be the problem?
is there something specific bothering you?
i bet that does help!
i like to play with my dogs.. dogs are very cute and easy to play..
yes, i love going for a walk and taking a walk in nature.
i think exercise can help with your mood and makes you feel good. have you tried any other activities that you enjoy to help you relax?
i think it is great that you are staying healthy and healthy enough to walk. i think you should also try yoga or any form of physical exercise like that.
do you have a car?
i used to live in a small town.. it was hard to get anywhere without seeing everyone and the people around me.. but once i moved here and got a car, i was glad i did.. people there were very friendly and welcoming.. so many people there.. you just have to
yes, that is the best way to stay safe.
i am glad i could be of help!!
how are you doing today?
i am good how are u
i feel you. i have been feeling the same way lately.
have you tried talking to your boss?
i understand that, especially when it is something that you enjoy. do you think you could try taking some time to think about other things you enjoy?
that sounds like a great idea.
that is a great idea!
you are not guilty for feeling guilty.
do you think you can connect with your family through video chat?
hi. how are you doing?
oh no, that is not good. can you tell me what is making you feel sad?
i am sorry to hear that. you must feel sad to leave him.
that is very difficult. is there someone else you can talk to about it?
i know you are feeling down but try your best to move on
try to get your life back to it and take care of yourself
try to do some yoga and meditation
try focusing on the things you love and make yourself happy
try not to focus on past and focus on present
maybe you can start with a list and go from there..
try doing yoga and meditation to help you relax
i have heard that meditation can help
i have been through a similar situation and it was very difficult
do that, exercise will help
yeah try to see if you can join online groups
that is great!
yes that would be good for you
you can try doing some online exercise..
i understand that..
i love to watch funny movies too but i like to watch my favorite movies first
i have also been doing a lot of online dating, and i feel like i am going to be able to find someone soon.
i do, i think it is tless
you are welcome
i am glad that you are feeling better
yes, i hope that i can help you
please do, i wish you the best of luck.
bye
bye bye
bye, bye
hi there! how are you doing today?
i have been there. it is rough, but i think you can do it.
i can see that you are feeling lonely without your husband.. i think you should try to take some time to yourself and spend time with your family. i know you are missing your husband, but it is important to take time to care for him. i really do recommend getting a puppy, but i know
i think it might be best to get a puppy when you can.
you could try volunteering or doing volunteer work in your local area.
i have two cats. cats are so loving and care loving.
i have 2 cats and dogs as well as a cat that i used to have as a puppy.
you are welcome. i wish you all the best. you will get through this.
i think that is a great idea! i think working with pets is great for your mental health as well. i have no idea what kind you have, but i bet you will be able to find something you enjoy doing even more!
that is great! i wish you all the best! i think you will be able to get through this.
you are welcome! i hope that i was able to help!
you too!
what is going on?
that is a really tough situation to be in. how long were you together?
i can understand why you are feeling upset. i think you need to talk to her about it.
have you tried to talk to her about it and tell her that you have talked to her before?
i am so sorry. do you feel that you are going to be able to talk to her about it soon?
that is really bad. have there been any therapy sessions you could take to help?
that is a tough situation to be in, but you should be able to tell her that you love her and that you will not cheat again.
well, i can not tell you what to do but i can say that you have a very good head on your shoulders and i am sure that you are doing great.
i would suggest talking to her about it. it is ok to feel upset when people do not listen to you.
i can understand how you feel. i have been there myself. it is been a while.
it is really hard for me to think about it but i do it anyway...
i can see why that would be frustrating for you.
i know you said you were not sure what she was going through, but i think she might need some space to herself. i am sure that she will come around eventually.
what kind of car do you drive?
i know you can get by without them. but you can not get them back. you do not need them, you can just go ahead and get them.
i think you should take some time to think about what you want to do with your life and not worry too much about what other people think. you are going to find someone, even if it is not your girlfriend
i hope you have a wonderful day. good luck
i am glad that you are feeling better.
oh no! i am so sorry to hear that. i know how hard it is to break up with someone, but i think you can do it!
so it sounds like you were cheated on by your partner and now you want to spend time with someone else.
i am sorry to hear that. did you get a date?
do you think you have any hobbies or hobbyactivities that you can use as an outlet for your sadness?
i suggest taking a few deep breaths and getting some fresh air. it can be a great way to get your mind off of things.
i would suggest taking a few deep breaths and think about what you need to do to get through the day.
yes, it is. it can be hard to move up and move forward when there are so many other people out there who are struggling as well. you need to focus on yourself and let that help you move forward and move on.
i think you can try to take some time for yourself, but you really need to make sure that you can stay positive through this time. you can do this!
you are very welcome! it is great that you took your time to reach out and have this conversation with me. i think that you have been able to get through this and i think you will be able to do it again.
i am sure you will enjoy your trip! i know it is hard but i think you will do great!
i am happy to help.
is there something specific that is bothering you?
it sounds like your unemployment rate is getting low, so you are worried about that.
that sounds very stressful. have you thought about talking to your spouse about it?
that is a very difficult situation. i can understand how stressful it must be for you and your wife.
it is very hard to be a single parent with one child. it is great that you are working for a job that is not just for you.
i hear you. i have found that it is really difficult to make money when you are unemployed. have you tried looking for job online?
that is really hard. i know how you feel. i also had a problem with anxiety during the pandemic. i went through a lot of therapy and it did not help.
yes that is the best way. i also like to take a deep breath while i am breathing.
i do it once a week. i do a small breathing rush before i relax. then i breathe in slowly, slowly, and instantly.
the only thing you need to do is to breathe in slowly. this will put you in a mindful breath, and allows you to relax.
stay strong, and i hope you have a great day!
you are welcome. i wish you all the best!
i am doing good, how can i help you? what is on your mind?
oh, i see. so you are saying that you are still close to your friends but not as close to family members as before?
i have been in a similar situation. i have also had to tell my friends i was wearing a mask for fear of getting sick.
have you asked them to give you a few days notice before making the trip?
i can see that it is difficult for you and your friends to get involved in the ongoing conversation when they are not actively involved.
i understand that completely. i have been in this position myself. i try to stay positive and listen to what my friends say. i also try to focus on myself and not worry too much about what others think.
i see. that is a problem. i think that you can try to find some new friends to share your feelings with.
that is a great idea! have you tried doing some activities like painting or drawing?
i am glad to hear that! i am happy to hear you are feeling better about things.
i understand that. i am from the uk so i have never been to a field hockey game, but i know a few places that have games on ice and that is a great way to meet new people.
i am glad to hear that you are feeling more confident about it.
i have got to go now but i will hit you up later if you want.
merry christmas to you too!
merry christmas!
hello how are you doing today?
what is on your mind today?
i am so sorry to hear that. what is causing you to feel this way?
oh, i am so sorry to hear that. it must be difficult for you.
have you been able to talk to someone about the situation?
i know it is difficult, but it is important to keep yourself safe and healthy.
you sound like a really good person for sharing your feelings with someone, you are doing the right thing.
it sounds like you have a good understanding of what is best for you.
that is a difficult position to be on, but i know you can do it. i think you are able to make the right decision and find a solution that works best for you. you deserve a partner who respects and respects you and that is an amazing strength.
i think you should just take it one day at a time. it will make you feel a bit better and give you a little more time to think about how you are feeling now.
you are welcome. i hope you are able to get out of this funk.
i am good. how are things with you? do you have anything on your mind?
do you have a job?
that sounds very difficult.
it is very difficult to see parents who are not as supportive as we are right now.
you are feeling as though you are not enough. your son is a great achiever and a great student. i believe you will make it.
that is great to hear. i can tell that you are making progress in all aspects. you are doing great!
you too, have a wonderful day!
you as well, thank you.
hello! how are you doing?
oh! what is going on? what is making you feel this way?
i am sorry to here that you are having such a hard time.
do you have any family or friends that you can talk to about this?
i feel you. i have had to take some time off of school and then back on to work during these times.
i know it can be hard to find a new job, but i have found that when i find something i really like, it helps me get out of my funk. maybe if you try to look for online work, you might find something?
i completely understand. i have had to quit a few times. i can understand why you are feeling sad.
i know it is difficult to find work right now. i have also been applying online for many jobs. maybe you could try contacting local unemployment department?
have you thought about looking for a part time job until things improve? you can make a good living while you work, and you could also make money while you are doing it.
have you been working on making money while you are traveling?
i am so sorry that you are going through this, but i know how much it can be. i know you are strong and determined to get through this and you will be fine!
i think they are understanding, especially with the vaccine being on the table. is there anyone you can talk to about this?
i have found that trying new things to get your mind off of the stressors is great at preventing anxiety.
you can try looking for work online, or in person. there are a few online job sites that are more affordable.
bye! bye!!!
sorry to hear that. can you tell me what happened?
are you feeling sleepy at night due to the pandemic?
it is a very difficult time to be in bed and you are right, there is nobody for you. you can try to talk to your doctor or get some support from someone else, such as a therapist.
have you tried any online support groups?
what about you? do you feel like you are being made to feel guilty?
i am sorry to hear that. i was in your position too. i found that talking to someone about this helped me a lot.
i think that is an amazing idea! do you have a favorite food or animal?
no problem! i hope you feel better soon!
that is wonderful that you are planning to get a cat and your concerns are valid!
i can understand how that can be frustrating. i hope that you can find some comfort in the comfort of your home and your pets.
you sound like a really caring person, and i am sure that you are doing your best to help your friends.
i am sure that you will be able to sleep well and that your problem is solved.
i do not think you would need to be a social distancing. i think you could make a few new friends and then be more comfortable with each other.
you are very welcome! i am glad i could help.
you are very welcome. i am glad i could be of some help.
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any particular reason why you are feeling this way?
do you feel that you are in a better place now?
have you talked to your doctor about your situation? it might be helpful to talk to them about how you feel.
i am sorry to hear that! i know it is a tough time for everyone, but i know you can make it through it!
that is great that you are taking care of yourself and being healthy.
i think you can start by taking a step back and then try to make a plan for how you want to go about it.
no, i have not but i have been interested in it. have there been any free online classes you have tried?
i have. i have enjoyed it more than i would like to admit.
that is great that you have a pet!!! i have two cats and they are so loving.
yeah, i think it might be a good idea to consider that as well. i think you should really think about the future and how you can use your money and your cat's energy to help you get through this!
yes! that is such a great way to get to meet them. i think that is an excellent idea. there are lots of great places to meet other pets!
it is great to make friends. dogs are wonderful companions. it sounds like you've got a lot going on in your life right now. i think you can be a great friend to someone who really cares for you.
that is great that you have a volunteer organization in your area! i hope that you will find a suitable home for your cat.
that is great! i think that is the spirit!
you are very welcome! i wish you the best of luck!
i am doing well, thanks. what is making you feel better?
that is great to hear! it is good to hear that you are feeling better. is there anything you would like to talk about?
how long have you been together?
that is really tough, is it possible that you can talk to him about this?
maybe you could try to get him to talk about how he feels and see if he can get his head out of his chest?
maybe you should try and talk to your husband and let him know how you are feeling?
that is really tough. i am sorry you are having to go through that.
if he is so busy with the house, maybe he should spend some time outside and just do his own thing.
i think thst it might be best to try to talk to him about it and let him know how you feel.
i can understand how you are feeling.
i think it would be a good idea, i would recommend it.
yes, you should do that. do not let him control your life. if you are not happy with the situation, you need to sit down and talk it out. do you have any friends you can talk to?
it sounds like you are feeling exhausted and that is understandable. you deserve to be happy.
that is good. it sounds like you have a plan and that is important.
yes, you are welcome. try not to worry about it. i hope things get better for you soon.
ok, have a nice day
oh no, i know what is going on, what is wrong with your day?
why would you be feeling bad?
what is going on?
i can understand how you feel, especially when you feel stuck right now. is there anything that has changed recently?
i feel like i have been stuck in a similar situation too. what is going on?
have you considered seeking professional help?
do you have any family or friends that you can talk to about the situation?
i see, so you feel like you have been put in a bad spot?
i think it is important to think about what you want to do. what is your passion? what is the best way to make money? what does your family like to do for fun? what kind of things do you enjoy doing for fun in your spare time?
you could ask your local job boards if you would like to explore other opportunities. there are many different career paths out there.
i have been through a lot of schooling myself and i know what it is like to be stuck in a situation and not be able to go back to school. it is rough but i think it will get easier.
that is a good idea. you have a lot of options to go with and it will help you get through this!
i believe that you will find something that will help you get through this.
i am sure there are people out here struggling due too the pandiic but that is not impossible.
i am confident you will make it through and you will get through this
thank you for talking and good luck with everything!
i hope i have been able to be of some help to you today. i am happy to listen and feel good about anything i can do to help.
you are so welcome, stay positive and stay positive.
you are very welcome.
you too
your welcome!
hi, i am sorry to hear that. would you like to talk about what is going on?
oh, i am so sorry. it must be hard for you. can you tell me a little more about your relationship?
you are mad at yourself for trusting someone who cheated on you?
it sounds like you are feeling like he has made you feel this way. is that right?
what led to the break up?
i have been in a similar situation where i was cheated on twice. i was in a committed relationship with my exwife and i did not want her to end it because i felt like i was being cheated on.
that is a good idea... do you have anyone to talk to about it?
i would suggest you to see a therapist if you can.
i am sorry to hear that. was there a reason for the relationship that made you feel that way?
is there anything else you wanted to do?
i think it would be a good idea to take a moment to talk about it with him. you should tell him that you appreciate his honesty and how you are feeling and that you really appreciate the things that he did.
i think that would be a good idea and maybe it would give you a sense of how much he really likes you
well maybe you should try out a new hobby or something that you love to do.
i know it seems obvious but i think that you should try to heal by talking to a professional. i know its hard right now but i know you can get through this!
that sounds like a great idea. you can do it again!
i know it is difficult, but i think it is worth it in the long run.
you will be fine, i think you will find someone soon.
is there anything else you would like to talk about?
thats great! i hope i have been able to help you feel better.
how are you today?
i am sorry to hear that. what is going on?
so you feel that you are feeling overwhelmed and struggling with balance and personal work and work.
i think you are doing great! i think that is the spirit!
i am so sorry to see that you are feeling this way. i can understand how you feel. i think you will be able to make it through this.
one thing i like to do when i have stress is to find a small task that i can put in my schedule, and when i am done with it, pick it up, put it back in my journal, and leave it in my desk. it will be a small reward for finishing, and at least
that is great! i think it is great that you are able to make such a small reward for yourself. there are so many other ways to make small rewards for yourself, and the list is a great place to start.
i am glad i could help. i wish you the best of luck!
i am so happy to help!
you are welcome! i hope i was able to be of some help to you, and i wish you all the best in the future.
i think you can do it! you just need to keep calm and focus on the task at hand.
good thanks, how can i help you today?
what sort of things have you been having trouble with?
i understand being an intvert. i used to be as well. i was very intro.
what do you like to do for fun?
do you think you could try to have a conversation with them?
that is a good idea. i do the same thing. i love the idea of being outside.
do you have a gym nearby?
i do the same thing. it was normal for me at first, but after a while i just needed to find new ways to make myself feel better.
i think that it is important to remember that you are in control of yourself and that you have control over your life and that is important. you can not control others. you are not a control freak and you should not have to worry about others.
it sounds as though you have found ways of being more social. i am sure you will find that in time.
have they seen you out with friends?
i can see how that would be overwhelming. have they been able to see you on social media?
it is good that you are thinking of things that are not for you. it can be overwhelming when you are not being proactive.
maybe you could make an effort to get outside with your dog and get outside after the park?
you are very welcome! i wish you the best of luck!
i hope everything works out for you! i wish you all the best in your future.
that is great to hear! so you are feeling better, how are things going for you today? how can i help you today
it is a great time to be having positive attitude.
i understand what you are saying. i am a student right now. i have been on a lot of classes and they can be very stressful. i find it very helpful to speak with people who have been through this situation.
i am sorry to hear that. it sounds like you are facing a difficult time.
i understand what you are saying. have you tried yoga or meditation?
i know you are doing great.
i am so happy to hear that. i am sure you will feel much better after that.
i do have a few. we do have to be very careful to stay safe though, because we are all human.
you are very welcome. i wish you the best of luck and i wish that you will get through this and your future.
you are welcome. i wish you the best.
i understand how you feel. this is a stressful time for everyone.
have you tried talking with your manager about the work load? sometimes they are able to find ways to help manage tasks in a better way.
i am sure they would. i would try and talk to them and see if they could give you any suggestions on how to get through this.
have you considered getting some sort of work from your line manager?
maybe you could talk to your manager about how you feel and see if you can get them to pay more attention to your schedule.
i am also worried about the pandedness in our country right now.
i understand. some people do not have that problem, but some people feel that they are being treated badly just because they are different.
i hear you on that. i think you should talk to your boss and see how he sees this.
i think that you should talk to your coworker about this.
wow! 14 hours a day? that is so much time! i have a friend who works really hard, but has some serious mental health issues, and it takes her a long time to adjust to it.
that sounds like a lot of work! i think you are really stressed about this.
i think it is very healthy to set a boundary. do you have friends or family near you that you can share your feelings with?
i would suggest starting with a day off and getting in a bit more coffee. then you can focus on your gaming, maybe watch a movie or something.
have you tried talking to your manager? maybe they can give you some suggestions?
it might be a good idea to get out of there and get fresh air and take a breath!
i am doing well, thank you. is there something you would be interested to talk about? i am here to listen.
i am sorry to hear that. is there any particular reason you are getting these kinds of comments?
i have been in this situation before. it was very difficult for me to get myself out of it. however, i found that it is okay to feel that way sometimes.
i think it is important to remember that you are not judging yourself. you are a person that cares about you and you do need to be judged on that!
do you feel that you can look good with a new style? i think it would help to try on new clothes for a while to see if they look good.
sometimes it helps to talk to someone with confidence, even if you feel like you are not doing a very good job.
i am sure you are beautiful and beautiful and lovely, but just because you are not as beautiful as someone else does not mean that they are not beautiful!
i think it is great that you are working on this and are trying to improve your appearance. i think you will feel better after you start to lose weight.
that sounds like a great idea!
i am glad i could be some help!
thanks! you too! good night!
ok bye : ) bye! : ) you too!!!
what happened that made you feel like this?
oh no, i am sorry to hear that. did you tell her that you had been trying to talk to her since?
oh i am so sorry to hear that. i am sure you feel really bad about that.
do they know that you feel that your parents are being cruel?
i would say that you are doing your best and doing what is right. have you considered talking to someone else?
that sounds great! i am happy to listen and be there for you.
i can understand how you are feeling. i have had similar experiences when i was in a similar situation. i ended up having to cut off most of my friends and my family.
i have been in that position before. i have had to deal with people like that before. it is not always easy, but it is sometimes better to move on than let it get worse.
do you think you could give her an explanation as to why you were angry with her?
you are very welcome. it was a pleasure speaking with you and i wish you the best in life.
i am glad i could help. i hope that i have been able to help you and i wish you all the best.
merry christmas to you too!
i can understand how that can make you feel.
i can definitely understand how that can be frustrating.
i think you are doing a great job of being honest with your friend and it is good that you care for him.
have you tried talking to them about it?
if he has a support system to help him, it is important that he is able to get help. there are also support groups that help him through his tough times.
have you tried reaching out to his family members? it may help him to understand how much it bothers you. sometimes it helps to reach out to people who are close to you who might have been in your shoes.
yes, it would hurt him a lot. but it would also help him get a sense of the issue.
thank you. i really wish you the best of luck.
you should definitely tell him that you do not want him to feel the way you feel. it is important to tell him how you feel, that you feel that way.
it is a great idea!
you need to have a conversation with him before going into the meetings. maybe you can give him a hug?
i am glad i was able to help you today.
you are welcome!
yes, it is really hard to not think about what we are doing. i have found that it helps to talk about it to someone i know and it helps me to forget everything.
that is wonderful!
it is been really nice talking to you, thank you!
i am happy to be here for you!
how are you doing today?
it is sad to hear that you are having depression due to weight and boyfriend.
how often do you have this problem?
no problem! i know it is tough, but i know you can get through this!
have you considered getting a doctor to talk to?
i am sorry to hear that. i know that it can be difficult when you feel like you are unmotivated, but it is important to remember that you can do this!
you can start by limiting yourself to a few meals a day, and then adjust to a routine where you will not be feeling depressed at all. i think that will make you feel much better.
well it sounds like you are exercising enough to keep you motivated. i can tell that you are trying hard to keep this weight off and you are really doing it.
you are welcome.
i am sure if you put the weight back on, the puppy will be a great companion and will help you both in your relationship.
i understand, it is tough to get back into a healthy lifestyle but you can do it.
you are welcome - i hope you feel a little better after this!
i am so glad that you have come around! it is great that you are taking steps to get through this!
you are welcome!
hello. how are you today?
i am sorry to hear that. i know you are feeling a bit better now, but please know that there are support groups out there for you and you need to stay safe.
i understand how that can make you feel. have you reached out to anyone for support?
i understand that, covid has been really scary for us and we're trying our best to get through it. what are some things you can do to help yourself through this time?
i can understand. my husband and i are going through the same thing. my daughter has been having issues with her immune system and we have to make sure to stay safe and healthy
i would suggest that you talk to your husband and let him know that you are concerned about his health and that you feel that this is a problem that will affect your children and their health and not your children's.
i am a parent myself, and my children are 2 and 2. my oldest is 8 and 5. i understand how hard it is, and i know it must be really hard for you, but i know you can get through it!
i think that is a great idea. i am glad you are reaching out.
i am glad you are feeling better. have you thought about seeing a therapist?
it sounds like you are handling this very well, i am sure you are doing everything you can to make it through this!
no problem, i wish you all the best!
oh i am sorry to hear that. can you tell me what is going on?
that sounds like it could be a challenge for you and your friend. it must be hard to see your friend being a support system.
i understand how you feel. sometimes people do not listen when we say we are not listening to them. is there any way you can get him to listen when you try to talk with him?
it sounds to me like you are feeling as though you are being treated unfairly because he is not listening to you.
have you tried to tell him that you do not think he is right?
it is not your place to tell him what he can or cant do in person, but it might help you to have a mediation with him at least.
i have, and it really helped me to make sure i did not feel like i was being ganged on.
i think that you need to make sure that you do not let him get the wrong idea about you. you might want to try and avoid the confrontation, but if he truly thinks that you are a friend and you care for him, then you should be able to handle this situation. it will be hard for
it is really nice to know that you are both feeling a bit better about this situation. i wish you all the best for the future!
can you tell me more about your friend?
you are very welcome! i hope things work out for you.
thank you and you too!
hi there! how are you doing today?
hello how are you doing today?
why is that?
have you been able to get any sort of contact from your family?
i see. so do you have any experience in the field you're looking for?
i know how you are feeling. i have also struggled with finding a good job. i am not the best at it but it pays the bills
what type of jobs do you have?
i can see that you are trying to make a lot more money with your job search.
there are lots of job boards online.
what about something like that?
it is a bit like going to the movies. you never know what you might see in the movie.
i think you are doing a great job!
i have been working at a grocery store for the last 5 years. i have found that a lot more people are motivated by their appearance now.
i see, so i have been told that sometimes employers are more interested in seeing your work then you are.
i understand that feeling. i would suggest a small business for now to make sure you are able to get some income, and then you can go out with friends and family.
just keep in mind that you might not be able too. you are only making a business out of your appearance.
that is great. i know a lot people who have started their own business and i think it will be very beneficial.
good thinking!
your welcome. i wish you all the best. i am sure you will do great in the job market.
hi! how are you doing?
i know that can be stressful, especially when you have been trying really hard to get your grade up. are you able to go out to eat, do some exercise or something?
i hear you. i have been in school for almost ten years now and i can relate to the stress of the time. have you spoken to anyone about this?
what kind of tasks are you struggling with?
are you there? i think you might be right!
i know what it is like to be in that position, but i know you can do it!
i think you should try to get out there and meet new people, if you feel comfortable.
i think it would be great to help you feel confident about your grade.
i think you have a good plan and you are able to take the necessary steps. i think that you will do great!
i think that is a good way to look at it. it might make you feel a little better if you try to get some sort of confidence in yourself.
i know it is hard to hear, but i think you are on the right track with this!
i am glad! it is really great to hear that you are feeling better about your goals. it is great to feel that way.
that is really hard to hear. how long have you been friends?
i understand how hard it is to tell someone you love that much.
it sounds like you feel that you are not being enough to make your husband happy.
i can see how this would be difficult for you. have you considered talking to your husband about this issue?
do you feel that you can tell your husband that you feel he is being unfair?
i can understand how difficult this would be for you. you deserve to be able to talk to your husband and not be put under the impression that he is your husbandwife.
it is important to trust your husband and know that he's not leaving you. he'll be happy to hear that you are honest with him.
i think you will be able to get through this.
it sounds like he would be more than willing to listen to you. i am sure he would understand.
well, if you feel like talking to her, i think you can talk to your husband and let him know how you feel about it.
oh i see. i am sorry to hear that. why is that?
have you talked to your employer about this?
i know it can be tough, but i think it is important to reach out to others who are in the exact same situation.
i have had my fair share of hard times, and it definitely is not a good sign that things have not worked out in that way. i can definitely understand why you feel like that.
there are a lot of online resources such as foodbanks and food banks that are available for free. i think you could look into that too.
i am glad i was able to be of some help. i hope that i was helpful.
i believe there is! i am glad that i could help! i think you can do it!
i know exactly how you feel. i know that is a long time, but you can do it!
music is good for calming your mind down and it can help with the anxiety that you are feeling.
i am glad i could help.
i am so glad that you are feeling better.
hi there. how are you doing today?
sure! how can i help?
i am so sorry to hear that. that sounds really frustrating.
do you think you could talk to her about it?
oh ok, so you are looking for a deeper connection. you feel like she left you without explanation?
i feel you. it is been so hard to not feel like you can do anything right, but i can see that you are feeling a lot better now.
it is good to hear that you are feeling better and i am glad you are getting some closure. i wish you the best of luck in finding a solution to your feelings.
oh wow! that is awesome! i am so glad you had that opportunity to get it done. i think that is a really great idea!
you too, good luck!
how may i help you today?
i am doing well. anything you want to talk about?
that sounds like a bad situation. how do you feel about it?
i am really sorry to hear that. i am sure that is really frustrating and upsetting to hear about.
i am sorry to hear that, how did you feel about this?
that sounds like a very hard situation to be in. it seems as though you are being treated unfairly by your boyfriend. is that right?
i can understand how that could make you feel. have you talked to your boyfriend about this?
have you been able to talk to your friend about it since?
have you been able to talk to your boyfriend about these issues?
have you spoken to any of your friends about this?
you are a very strong person and you will overcome this
if your friends are around, you can talk to them about how you feel.
it is ok to vent, but i suggest you focus on your hobbies, maybe take a walk outside or something
that is a good idea!
that sounds like a good plan to me!
i think that is a great idea! it sounds as though you are working on yourself and it is affecting your family. it may be helpful for you to get some support from your friends.
is there anything else i can help with?
okay, well i hope that helped
do not be afraid to press the quit button, it can be very difficult but i would suggest doing it if you are feeling down
yes, it is. but you can only have one business.
i know it is hard but you can do it.
i am glad i could be of some help
you can use this time to reflect on your friends life
i am sorry to hear that. it is been a tough year.
i am sorry to hear that. i know it can be tough when you are not working and looking for a new job.
that is a very hard situation. i am sorry to hear that. i know this is a tough situation for you.
that is a really bad news to hear! so your company is giving you a cut? that is very unfortunate.
that is really tough, i am sorry to here that. is there any other way that you could help your boss find a solution?
do you have a resume? there are quite a few online resources out there that can help with finding a new job.
have you looked into unemployment? i have heard that many people have been laid off due to covid. i am sure you can find a job that will pay your bills and pay your rent, you might be able to get unemployment, even if it is only a part time job.
that is a great goal, you seem to have such a positive attitude about it. i am sure that you are feeling a little bit better about yourself.
i know how you feel. i have gone through a lot of depression over the past few years. i can not get enough of it!
that is really good that you've reached out for help, i know that you will feel better soon.
have they been able too?
that is great to hear! it is always nice to be able to chat with someone who feels the same way.
it sounds like you are feeling relieved by the idea of having people around you. is that correct?
i hope you are able to get a little rest and take care of yourself.
you are welcome!
i am doing good, how are u
what has changed?
what sort of thing were you feeling like you could have accomplished?
it sounds like you are feeling really down.
can you tell me what the paper is about?
you are welcome. i hope you do feel better after your paper.
that is great. what was the paper about?
hello! how are you doing today?
how are you?
i am good. is there anything you want to talk about?
do you have any hobbies you enjoy?
i am so glad i could help you today. i hope i can be of some help to you today!
it is difficult for sure, but it is worth it. i am sure you will be able to find another friend that you feel comfortable with.
do you think that maybe you should take some time to yourself?
i think it will make you feel better.
you too!
i am sorry to hear that, but i can feel your pain because you are not doing anything right.
what is the crappy part?
i can definitely understand that. i had the same problem when i was younger. i think it is really important to stay positive and take care of yourself.
maybe you should try to reframe your feelings of desire to be more active and enjoy more activities?
i think it is great that you have a family member who is close to you. i am sure you will have fun and have a great time.
thank you. i hope it can be helpful to you too.
i do not have a history of counseling but i do know how to write and write out the thoughts and feelings of my own life. i have been in a few therapy sessions and they have been very helpful.
i know it is hard to be sad, but you are also free to express your feelings and feelings with people you trust.
you need to press quit and take the survey. i can not do it from my end. i will take it but i will not be able to do it till you are done. please do not press the survey and take it from your end. if i can do it first i can leave but if you
i think that you are doing great. i know you can make it through this!
i am sorry to hear that. have you tried talking to your family about it?
i am sorry to hear that. would you like to talk about it more?
have you tried to visit friends or family members while you are out?
i know it is difficult when you have no idea what you are going to see next and how you are feeling but i think it will all be okay once you get it out of the way.
do you feel like your job is being overwhelmed with coping with covid?
it is been cold and dark here too, so i know how that feels.
that sounds like a great idea!
i can understand the frustration, especially during the holidays when you are depressed and get into depression. what would you say is the best place to start?
i know it is tough now, but it will get better, believe me.
it sounds like you have a plan in place, and hopefully you can find some time to do some of those things!
are there any other concerns you have about the panpandemics?
why are you worried? what is bothering you?
i am sorry to hear that. have you tried to study online?
do your games have an effect on your life?
i am sure you have enjoyed your time on video games. what is your favorite game?
i can see how that could be a problem for you. have you tried talking to your friends about how you are feeling?
have you considered talking to your doctor about this? there is a free counsellor available for free at the hospital i work at.
i think that you can do this!
i think it might just be a matter of time before they realise. i have heard of people getting laid off from a job they did not want or wanted just to get by, but it sounds as though you are being laid off because you are not following your career goals and you are just working harder.
okay, well, i hope you are able to get some counsells to ease into these feelings. i think you can do it.
it might help if you ask your professor for a recommendation.
i can see how that would be frustrating, but there are so many people who are struggling with mental health issues right now, so it is understandable.
it sounds like you are feeling very negative about your team mates. i can understand why that would be difficult for you.
i would suggest taking a look at some online counselling services such as skype or chatrooms. there is no shame in getting help.
you are welcome! you can end up on the other side of the table from me : )
bye!
is there something that you can think of that you would like to talk about?
do you feel that the pandemics are causing you anxiety?
yes, that is true. i have been in the same situation myself.
thank you!
i would suggest staying safe.
that is really good that you have been able to put yourself out there. you are doing something you love.
have you tried to talk to your doctor?
i can tell that you are feeling very down about this.
do you have any hobbies you enjoy doing?
i am glad that you are feeling better about yourself.
have you been doing any yoga? i know that has helped me a lot.
that is great to hear! i know that you can do it. i am sure you will be just fine.
i understand. i have felt the same way. however, you need to realise that the world is not a place where everyone is safe.
i know how hard that can be, but you know you are doing your best and that is what matters.
you are welcome, have a good day!
i am glad you are starting to understand the ideas and feelings of the future and that we are going to get so far in the future.
i am so glad that you are feeling better about this. it is been a really hard year for us.
that is great to hear. i hope that i have been able to be of some help to you today.
i am glad i could help! : )
that is great! i am glad i could help.
i hope your day is better now.
your welcome.
i am so sorry to hear that. is there something specific that is bothering you?
it sounds like you are worried about your future, and you are trying to make a lot of money, but there is no guarantee that you will be able to get there.
i think this is a great idea!
i think it is very understandable that you feel that way.
that sounds like a great idea. i think it is great that you want to avoid being informed, and it is good that you have such a good perspective on what is going on.
i totally understand how you feel. i personally have found that reading about the current state of affairs has been helpful in reassuring me that i am not getting the news i need.
i find that it really helps to take care of myself and take care not to lose myself. i have found that when i lose myself, i do not need to worry about what other people think or how i feel. i need to take control of myself.
i am glad to hear that. i wish you all the best.
and you are welcome, i wish you all the best in the future. i know this will be difficult for you, but there is light at the end of the tunnel, and you can overcome this.
it is important to remember that the sun is an amazing source of vitamin d and it is able to protect us from the virus and it helps with our anxiety.
i am glad to hear that!
you are welcome! i wish you all the best and i hope things start to go well for you!
i am sorry to hear that. so you feel that you are feeling sad and unforgiving because you can not heal it?
please do, i would be happy to help.
i have been feeling the same way, and i know how hard it is. i have also had to learn to be more social and have more friends around me. i can understand how you are going through this and it can be very isolating.
that is understandable, but i think it is important to remember that you are not alone in feeling this way.
i can understand why you feel that way.. i have been in your shoes.. you are not alone in this situation.
yes, i understand how you feel. i have also been in a similar situation.
ok, how are you doing today?
if you can not reach out to him you should try to talk about how you feel with him
do you need help with anything else?
i can understand how you feel. you should not be sad or depressed just want you can go out and have a nice holiday
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any friends?
you can do it. it is better to get things off your chest and be there for yourself than to have to see someone else.
just do not let your emotions control your mind
is there anything else i can help you with today?
what is causing your anxiety?
i hear you, i have been in that position too. have you had any friends or family help you out recently?
is there something that you can do to get yourself back on track?
i can understand how you are feeling, especially when it is a stressful situation for you.
is there something else you can do to make yourself feel better?
it sounds like you have a lot of pressure on your shoulders.
maybe she is trying to take advantage of you for your grades. maybe she has been in that situation before and is not aware of it.
i know it sounds like you are not happy, but try to be kind to yourself and let her know that you are proud of her for doing her best.
you are so smart for wanting to get scholarship. i can tell that you are really smart and have an amazing future ahead of you!
i hope you have a good day!
i know it can be so hard at first, but you will be able to get through this.
i am glad to hear that! i think that is a great way to get yourself out of a bad situation.
have you thought about applying for jobs online? it is always great to get ideas on things you might be interested in doing online, such as engineering or finance.
yes i do... it is nice to meet new people online. i have been friends with a few of them. i also had a friend who was in debt for years so i found it helpful to be able to connect with others and get advice from them.
it is good to hear that you have a support system in place and that you can confide about your problems.
i feel that way too... my friends are not very supportive of me either..
that is a difficult situation to be in, but i am sure that you are prepared to overcome it.
i know you said that you are worried about your health, but do you think that perhaps it is time for a change in your social circle?
hi! how are you doing today?
why do you feel that way?
do you have anyone to talk to or have a support group to talk with about your presentation?
what have you tried to prepare for the presentation?
yes, i can. i believe that there are many different ways of being nervous in the world, so please do take some time to practice.
it is great that you are willing to try and take a step back and let things heal. do you have a friend that you can talk to?
that is true. it would be difficult to measure yourself against others if you can not be present. i would suggest you start by practicing with others, then trying to improve yourself.
sometimes i find it helpful to keep in touch with others who have been through the same thing.
have you tried to talk to your boss about the situation?
maybe you could look into some organisations who can help with that. there is so many great resources available online!
you are very welcome. i hope you have a great day.
good! how can i help you today, dear?
what is making you feel depressed?
i understand, that is hard.
i understand your feelings, i can tell that you are feeling a lot better.
do you have a family member that you can talk to?
i think it might be a good start to try and get some more help from your friends. i am sure that there are a lot of other people out there who are struggling with the same thing. i would suggest that you talk to your friends and try to talk to them about how you feel.
you are doing your best, and i think you can do it. i believe in you.
have you tried to talk to your doctor? that can help with the overwhelmed.
i do understand that. being able to have your own space and a family is important and important to a healthy relationship. i think the best way to get through this is to try to spend time with friends, family, family and friends that are close to you. i know you can do it!
i can see how this is hard. i am a home worker and the amount of pressure we put in is really stressful.
it is great that you have a great passion for your job and are able too connect with people. i think you will be able to find something very fulfilling with your work.
you are very welcome. i am glad i could help you today.
you as well!!
so it sounds like you are feeling anxious about the paper, but not sure what to do about it.
that sounds like a great plan. i think you will do great!
i can see why you would feel nervous about that. have you tried to drink before the paper?
what kind of paper is it?
haha i hope you feel good about it and i wish you all the best!
i think that is the right attitude to have! i hope you have a great day and i hope your paper goes well.
if you are not able to make money, then i would suggest you try to write your paper and then try to sell it online or at a book club. maybe even on facebook or something.
it is a really tough situation to be in. it is definitely a good place to start.
that is good too, you should try it
i had a bad experience with them too but i was able to find a way to get them to me.
i wish you all the best.
that is great news. i am sure you will get a new job.
i see, well i think that you are going to be able to find a job soon because of the pandemic.
i think that is worth a shot!
i hope it helps! it is hard to be honest with people. we all have our moments and it is okay to feel that way sometimes.
i am sorry to hear that. what is happening with the deadline?
i have had a similar situation happen to me before, i have also had a paper about it that i wanted to submit but did not get the chance.
i understand, i also get stressed when i am working, but if you really want to do it, you can do it.
it sounds like you are really wanting to get into the graduate program. do you think you can get a scholarship?
yes, exactly. i do not want to sound like i am trying to push you into a new career path. but i think you will be able to do it.
yes, just do that. it can be a bit overwhelming at first, but it will make you feel more motivated.
you are welcome. i hope that i have been able to help you out and let you know that you can do this!
well, i think that it is important to be able to concentrate on what is going on. i would suggest a mediator with a light or dark screen. a cup of coffee and a hot bath. that will get you in the mood and relax.
deep breathing is a great idea. i would recommend deep breathing when you are trying to relax.
glad to hear it. i hope i was able to help you a bit today.
hello, how are you?
i am sorry to hear that. what is wrong with your mood?
i think it is important to be able to talk about how you are feeling. is there anyone else you can talk to about your feelings?
i am sorry to here that. what makes you feel that way?
i have had problems with covid before as well, it is really hard. i have also had issues with my partner after we split up and i can relate to how hard that can be.
i am sorry to here that you and her family are going through this a lot can not not get marriage to you due to the border restriction.
if you can get an express travel visa, you should be able to apply for it. have you tried to contact your fianc's family?
well, it is better than nothing... and we are almost there
i am so happy to hear that
it was, thank you
i am glad you are feeling better. i wish you all the best!
you too!
i am good how are u
you are probably right.
it sounds as though you are really struggling to decide whether or not you should continue being single or not.
do you feel that you could benefit from a more honest relationship with a partner?
i understand being too old. do you think you can think of things that would be beneficial for you to do now?
do you feel like your partner's concerns are valid?
it is just a matter of time before you find your perfect person. if you do not settle, then it is best to find that person and move on.
have you talked to your aunt about the reasons you feel you need to find a partner?
i can understand that. i think you have learned from your experience and it is important to make sure you know that you are worthy of trust in this relationship.
have you considered any ways to communicate with your friends? it helps to give them something to talk about, even if it does not seem like it would be a good fit right now.
yes, but i do think it might be worth looking into. it is important to be able to see the other side before deciding which way to go.
is there anything else that i can help with?
i am good, how about you? what is on your mind today?
oh no, what happened?
so you are saying that you are getting cut for the holidays?
i see, i am glad to hear you are feeling better about it.
i understand, i am sure it has been rough for you.
i haven't, but i have had people who have had to deal with similar things in the past.
i understand. is there a way you could reach out to the company's warehouse or someone who could help you find a job there?
i think it would be helpful for you to get a feel for how you might be able to help your boss by explaining to him how much of a burden it is for you.
i have done a bit of online training and i find that it is good to have options for online learning. i took a few classes online and found a lot of options. i did some online training for remote management and remote programming.
i also have a business degree in tech so i am kind of stuck with it. i have done some stuff on the internet and it was very helpful. i am actually pretty good at it and i think i have got a good understanding of a few things. i think you are doing the right thing and you
thats great! i wish you all the best with your career
you are welcome! i hope i was able to be of some help
you are welcome! i hope you have a great day and good luck with your search!
how are you doing today?
i am glad to hear that. how can i help you today? do you feel like talking to me?
i can understand that. do you have any family or friends who could help with the extra money?
i can definitely understand your feelings of sadness about that. i would suggest that you seek some support from someone who might be able to provide you with some comfort in your life.
i can see how that is frustrating. is it possible that you could try talking to your manager to see if they would consider it?
i am sure you will. i am glad you were able to talk it through with your supervisor.
it sounds like you are really wanting to be a part of this new world. i am sure you will be successful.
i think that is the spirit! i think you will be just fine.
i am glad i could be here for you. i hope you find something you really like.
you too!
i am sorry to hear that. are you okay?
i am sorry to hear that. would you like to talk more about the situation?
oh! i am sorry to hear that. is it a relationship that started when you were not having fun?
i had similar feelings in the past with my husband. i felt like i was in control of my life and had to make sure i was getting the best of my relationship. i think it may have been the wrong decision to break up with her.
do you guys have any close friends or family you could talk to?
i think it would be good for you to talk with her about how you feel about it. maybe try to talk about how she is feeling with you and see what she says.
i would say you should call her and have her explain to you how she is feeling and you need to see if there is anything you can do to help her out.
yes, but do not feel bad about it. i think it is best to give a little more time and let her know that you are there for her.
you are welcome. i wish you all the best!
what kind of work are you doing?
have you talked to your boss about this?
i can relate to feeling lonely, especially during this pandemic.
i think you are doing your best to get through this and stay positive. i think it is important to remember that you are worthy of being happy and have the power to change things up.
have you thought about looking into gig jobs? they are always great to have around.
have you considered looking for other work related jobs? you could take a walk in the park or get a book club.
maybe you can give him a call and let him know you would like to get a second opinion on the position.
perhaps you could ask your manager for suggestions?
i think it might be helpful to start with a few things. one, if you think you can make a difference in your job situation, you can at least get a few more hours off. do you think that would be something that could help?
i can imagine that you are worried about your boss's actions and job security, is that correct?
what kind of hobbes do you enjoy?
i can understand your frustration. have you considered talking to your manager about some of the things you are missing?
i find it very useful. it can be overwhelming to write out all the things that you have been doing but then it gives you motivation to do them.
i am glad i was able to help you! it is important to be positive, and that is important!
you too, good luck!
