what was the problem ?
so it sounds like your college had disappointed you . it sounds like you may have just become depressed and made this new approach .
that sounds really frustrating . i think we have the right mindset to put these problems at risk !
that ' s totally different . it sounds like you went through the same thing in a different way .
well i know that if you press the quit button you will only end the conversation but if you still want to chat i suggest you do it as well
there are a list of counselors who are able to offer you advice on how to not fail if you don ' t do your work or your grades
there are course you can try that are more well known , for example , i ' m very good at physics , but i only consider it to be well worth the time and effort .
what are your interests ?
if you can be as accepted as you think you can , you could pursue some competition there . then , you could not do transfer or you would have to make another transfer .
i think that you are a very smart and very hard working person . you have determination and at the same time , you also know how to help people with what you need . i am glad you have my support .
goodbye !
what does she do at work ?
has this been going on for awhile since it has been happening at work ?
it can be so hard . that ' s something i ' ve heard from many employees , and i can understand how frustrating it is to have a co worker do that to you . i would tell the others that they should know that it is not for you .
i would tell the co__unk__ worker how she could help you to come up with a report . if it is not possible to do it , maybe your co__unk__ worker could consider being a hit at your work .
as long as you do not ask for the report , they are the ones who are the boss . i would avoid treating her like that at all .
do you think hr might be able to provide you some alternatives to speaking to her in that way ?
you could try talking to your manager about it . it may not be something that will be up quickly , but i think it ' ll make the co__unk__ worker more receptive to it .
that ' s okay ! it sounds like you have a legitimate complaint , even if it doesn ' t sound to me like you are .
__unk__ by your speaking , i can tell you know that this issue and the issue you are having is at the bottom . how do i help ?
ok . is there anything else you want to discuss or go into more detail about the issue ?
good , how can i be swith you
wow that is unfortunate , and i am sorry to hear you had to deal with that situation . do you have a good reason for lying ?
is there any reason you feel bad that he can ' t see you have a better relationship with him ?
i can see how that sounds frustrating . i ' m sorry you had to go through that .
i hope that has helped you a bit .
