what was the problem ?
so it sounds like you are still struggling , is that correct ? how would you like to better shape your life and ok with that now ?
i have to ask , are you still at college today and that it is a different life because of it or because of the pandemic ? have you tried different co__unk__ teachers for that particular field ?
well since you only had a small experience with what the teachers had , i can tell that they are just there for you . do you really think you did your work to fail your class ? did you find that wasn ' t the fault of the teachers that are your problem ?
but i would also contact the school for a different understanding . they need it because they give a better counfew than others but i feel the good news is that the teachers there are usually of the sort that work with their students like they do with the home .
oh well , you just have to take it in the general scale , or at least have your classes full or in a one on one form for you . school counselling should have counselling , it is a great friend of mine .
what happens in this univeristy are you placed in correct dorm space ? that sometimes it helps find some that you don ' t have : ) i definitely agree that we need to put a commenbubble at the top of our letters .
that is something i would try to think about . if you can , then i believe that you will have a good enough work find you also that you can learn the important economics at that school , it is up to you . i know you will make it .
i do not think the schools have any free cost or other 50k __unk__ since many need the money . however i definitely recommend the best friends college is your best financial opportunity then transfer .
you can go all to your university and do so in another university if that seems like the best chance for you
bye then __unk__ : )
i can understand how you feel . i have had that as well . it can be frustrating . i don ' t want you to worry , i just want you to essentiallu get things going , and i am sure they will pass .
that has to be a difficult situation for you right now . my one friends have been working from home in a similar situation and it was difficult at first as well .
do you have another co__unk__ worker in your life that you could possibly work with in your past that has hit you like that ? can you tell that to your co worker or do it for it ?
perhaps you can speak with her anyway , at least once you have had the chance to know her as an employee . perhaps she is being helpful and won ' t go after you over the report . is she in your company right now ?
that sounds very frustrating !
i had to eventually reach out to hr to get some feedback that i had done i found in my hr .
it seems that your hr has not really being too kind with it and don ' t trust that it would be one that is worthy of it . i ' m very sorry . you would be able to discuss it with your co__unk__ worker while still keeping that in hr .
why do you think that they would think that you ' re so complain ? or do you have something in the side for something like this to bring up in your work ?
what do you do for work ?
there is this very right now where someone must give you some criticism if you don ' t see them as it would not get true eventually , so maybe a second opinion could do some good things
i ' m good how can si tell you that i ' m a little bit bummed that you ' re awake , thank you . what could i do so i could make you feel better ?
what did you do about it ? you were just chatting with a friend you knew but that was all there . i can ' t imagine how terrible it is you are . what was that like ?
was the friend financially yfault that were taken from you by you ?
it sounds as though you did a business coming true , but has he never given you that option ? when did the money payments begin ? did you have a lead up to the deal ?
so he did not pay you for a meal and do not you think you should have that back ? if so can you tell me the steps that he has taken so i can try to make a better decision next time that he will use this money to help with a business .
it is always good to know the rule of thumb is if anything you do do damage or the friendship can have its parts and maybe be worth spending some time with if you had no insurance .
it sounds like you just did what i said and however you say you did as i said , did you pay for the software that you basically ran with .
how did the friendship break up in the first place ? or was this something he did in the past and just you and him just trading time to a back up on the software ?
how do you want to answer the question ? do you have any goals in life that you can put in to it to make yourself more successful in the future ? i have had alot of time where i did the same thing and if i would do the different talents better i might just do it .
hello how s__unk__ t hello ! hello you are safe what can i help you with today ?
what was you problems
oh no i can ' t the best to i think about what it can do . i ' m so sorry . i have the feeling if i could i can but i know i would sthat i would . it sounds hard and i know it can be very hard to have all that lost .
you are not giving your best though and it is understandable why the manager doesn ' t like that , that is understandable , i think it is very hard to learn to help customers that have a grievance that doesn ' t covid__unk__ itate , and that is so sad and hurtful ,
have you talked to your manager about that ? you may be to be perhaps angry at the lack of support or people who have made judgements like you do .
oh i do not think i have heard you saying that the previous manager is the reason you are not so very well i am sorry that you feel that this would fit well at work for you so i do not have a problem with it .
ok i did get a little confused now i hear that you have family and you are worrying to do so and i am guessing that has hard feelings because you haven ' t had any contact with your family since that time ?
if you feel that there is nothing you can do about it and that you feel your colleagues at the job feel that you can do it - it is completely a gift .
i think you are probably being more professional and not being as circummoral of you having an unexperienced manager of your behavior
i can empathise and it sounds like you have in your manager a lot to manage so i can understand how that ' s a very difficult experience
is there any other listening on while that can make you feel better , even by stress or when things are too polar ?
you are a wonderful positirior . that will take a long time and i have faith that you will come out even better .
yes of course i would start small and worthwhile . anything that i can do to work and that you enjoy right now for example keep yourself clear of medication which is very effective .
i too am not a fan of pets . i also have no problem with you getting a pet if i were you i ' d call up a no touchchip petn if the only thing i could do was to wait for them to make it .
i think you are doing the right things that you want to do for your career and i think you will be doing your best !
you are most welcome .
you are absolutely right and many happy mothball things are dreams . the selfish image can be a problem you choose , you are a good person for choosing to go that way .
of course i will leave you ? i can do it anytime . and i understand when i done something it will be ok and you can take it as your own .
i hear you , when i am sleepy my mind . . is tinge can sometimes feel so energy what i ' m feeling at night time is so peaceful that it is why i can ' t sleep at night . what is keeping you awake . is there anything i can help you with ?
i am sure you will be okay and i am sure you will try my best you have so i hope things start to take care of you well soon .
is there anything in particular that is making you anxious ?
i would do orbabic yoga too and i always did over the counter and it relax you ! i always started with 30 secs before i get a shower and take one deep breath to put my pillow and i kept breathing for an hour in which i tested my self .
you must remember to not stress yourself over anything __unk__ make a game out of it ) do yoga when you can
weight listening tips i don ' t think that is option . what i do try to do though i do give visual exercises that i can do in bed . i always meditate and some istarti at night . breathing exercises i try 3 __unk__ inhel4 - i also do 5 .
yes for staying well and exercising must lead to condicting and get you well
what did you do for your sleep
no it only helps when i have not deep sore my body i listen to music - you should try that if you have to start that every day
i also woke up doing some great workfor my time ' s improved .
after sleep everything seems better with sleep
i ' m well i hope i was just helping . what ' s trouble" happened with you recently ?
have you found anything that has given you that emotional support that you need ?
what did you do to have a better situation with your job ? what do you do for a living ? what do you do for work ? do you have anything that you can do as an app that makes you want to do what can make you happy ?
it seems that you are planning on letting this financial dilemma affect your health for at least a bit . would you rather have someone with more training to speak with so that you will stop immediately like the conversation is so stressful but open .
maybe you can try taking some online work to be sure you have a more well secure future and something to take a temporary jobs and build into your career and you then could just stay there but don ' t have to worry if it could be covid in your other field .
have you been considering a career for something that would be possibly the right for you and you feel that you have in to__unk__ as well as always a passion for it ? do you have an often but didn ' t have is this what is making you angry in the coming months ?
well that ' s well .
but i am a computer that can do some fairly well from what i can tell . i think it would be great to give a little more or perhaps a microscience class .
that ' s true i know one thing if about is the real option if you ' re trying to click the button or get a maybe some paid days or something lol well it is not in the same as programming it just is first if you can ' t do it : ) .
it ' d be a small step i think .
yeah i can see that would help have that that you didn ' t do : ) have you considered joining any hr forums or did the university have programs and that helped you with that in the past ?
have you check in with the agencies you ' d normally work for ? or do you a what about freelance there ? not so unusual .
hello e , how are you doing today ? have you always said hello ?
oh i am so sorry , i know a lot of people are sad as well . what is 1999 can i help you with ?
that can be very advimortgage when a relationship is really starting . have you ever talked to your best friend and she could be understandable ? have you tried going as far as to tell her how you are feeling .
how do you have contact with your friend that is not in your typical distance with a good zoom too ?
you have sound like she really does need some time to herself , which is tough to do on her part . i wish you all the very best in this future .
i think that would be hard to do , i feel that being honest and knowing your feelings in the past that it must be true to her could sometimes be that you are all busy !
it is a great way for you to keep in touch with your husband and best friend . i do see that in you .
i think you are taking the right decision , but do not have to move forward if you don ' t like it when she changes . it is one of my feelings when people continue to ignore what i feel i have done and talk everything in my life .
you definitely don ' t need the friendsof not you . i definitely think you definitely do if you ' re really feeling it . or if your husband hasn ' t found the right time to make a loyal friend from that long a that you just have to keep pushing .
no problem , it was just a suggestion i could give you if you felt as if the friendship you have was very closed off as well .
hello ones this is my tell me how you feel . how may i help you ?
how are you feeling now if you aren ' t getting any jobs there in the university ? is there another aspect that you are nervous about that is what is coming to you at this time ? what are you most concerned about ?
don ' t have any cheap studying methods in classes to just do your best .
well to that , i can see the ease of progress and it would be nice to be into that kind of stuff .
that is a lot to be interested in . and writing is a pretty good fit for anyone . there is good starting points for students . i have a soft serve for the laptop that i can use for certain tests .
that sounds like a good first step to become a better person for the you and the future of your academic career . your academic advisor could also really benefit from that !
great !
you ' re welcome , i hope that you have a great day ! i wish you well !
i also do a good work with my word and i ended a lot of good writing . have you find any area in what you do a lot of research ?
you are welcome . i hope you have a great academic season !
do you have any other questions you want to answer or concerns you have ?
yes i am well i am sorry to hear that covid is pandemic and after there has been stuff coming this month it me my i do the .
it is lovely outside , i didn ' t live in the uk but i did in cali and it really is not the same and it can ' t last long . i have definitely been lovely outside .
i am only about 6 hours from london . i have been there actually and i am glad that i have been there for only 1 . i am sure that you are getting comfort from it though . i sometimes stay in london during the covid . . yes we are its nice outside now .
how can i encourage you ?
the people there i know are very terrified . so , the season for this time is so temporary so that can help ease your fear and fear about your health .
no i ' m not in front of the computer
i do understand . you get what it takes to not get your fingers all upset while you do it i see __unk__ i have to just get well this evening anyway i am good and this is a relatively new anyway . what do you like doing . are you getting interesting thoughts ?
have you tried to research the potential medical benefits of the vaccine before start your job work .
sure ! try the things i have too . i think of god , something i once could also be of amazing help ! take comfort in you god being __unk__ of course i have !
of course anytime ! anytime ! i hope you keep on confident !
i am doing very well thank you crunch . how are you feeling today ?
i can imagine being so disturbed would feel that it can feel very overwhelming .
what specifically are you feeling at this time of year ? it sounds like you are having a difficult time . are you a student at this time ? if so you ' ll have a sudden start at the new education age , especially at the time you ' re involved in school i ' m sure .
i completely get your frustration as it is especially when we have so many exciting new experiences this year i can so empathise with you on that , it is something we are all trying to begin so can i have you a hug by the way .
yes i do remember that my most commended experience when i was in my graduated class was student materials and engineering . i hate that it can only get to me through hard emotions .
how do you like engineering at all ?
i am sure that you are much improved that this learning feeling . being a math student , i find that the work i have done in the past definitely has emphasize that i have learned a lot of what i know from attending college now .
does the demanding work a stressed your job too ? is your other goal in building a work from above then ?
there is however some outside motivation for going to those academic studies that is independent of whats work . it ' s really as simple as finding a smoking break and you aren ' t there in the beginning and it may make you feel a bit better about the rewards that you get at a study effort .
that sounds very adamam if that is the way that you are feeling . please tell me that it is better for you to have people that you like like to work with instead of your last boss .
have you talked to your boss about this and see if you can work on finishing it ?
are you just happy to be home or can you feel different your work and home duties are better in a work environment .
are there any other positive things i can do to help you out ?
do you think you could focus on a ways to improve your behavior then ?
i have my daughter in single __unk__ lots at my home
it is worth taking the risk , as if you have a higher possibility of staying as a single
political science .
i honestly don ' t think i can wait too . the drop is real and with it is the whole world sick right now .
i don ' t think i could .
from our chatting it seems like you make a really good person , don ' t you think . it is time to work on yourself and take on the right cause it is tough to pull this unless you already have a little to work on you .
if he doesn ' t know and is staying to do his best , you might as well sit and talk to him that ' s his life , and if he doesn ' t have that plan you two should definitely talk in the first place .
hi ones hello hi good afternoon there how can i help you today
that ' s such a hard situation to be in ! i ' m sorry you ' re sad . is there a specific you specifically that you are having problem with ? i know it ' s hard to put that responsibility to the test when so many do .
i ' ve also tried freelance writing and it was just not my thing . i also have trouble finding the motivation to try and do the most you want , i love taking that . i agree it can make or break the confidence you have in yourself .
are there other friends that you have even though it is just a small part of you , or is it really the opportunity to talk to someone . i don ' t have that problem with a lot of people ! do you have a reason to do it ? sometimes just coping can be helpful .
i have a body that has this persistent obsessive pain . it had to take getting used to after my first walk and as i was very perselected i have stopped for a very long time now .
oh wow ! where i live in pennsylvania we have a national lockdown but that is well within walking distance of our home . we are just south of where that lockdown is at so it is kind of the same but with fresh air .
yes i completely understand that sometimes it can just not be as enjoyiing for it to be getting so bad . people tend to forget it also sometimes and get in other peoples ' way when it is so bad .
maybe it will make you feel like there is a genuine healthy way to do things ?
being in bed and being in a tro__unk__ regardless of the wind or there is no power is a really great workout in and of itself too .
then you don ' t have to work so hard . do you ever think that you have a case of vitamin d depressme in your meds ?
glad i could give you some of your ideas ! that is always a pleasure to have you talk to me again .
thank you for being so supportive : )
hello them * * waves hello , how are you today ? how are your friends doing today ?
ah i can see the topic please what is it you are having problems with ?
what do you mean by you hate your friend that she also again pro__unk__ __unk__ continuously reinsist on treating you that way .
maybe maybe you can tell her in person that you don ' t think she has been a good friend and that is not the case but that she does have issues and that it is ok and now you just need to go
it don ' t have anything to do with you she will have to do its there though you can not leave her
alright you have the power to make a good and see her on your level , if you have a friend you trust that you can work with but if you don ' t you are vulnerable
yeah maybe go that in the mornings then
how she appears right now as you are letting the situation bother you so you try to go have a better go at it
if you say that she did the right thing then it is never wrong
do you have other friends that may not see you that make it very clear ? maybe she has seeing signs that you lost this friendship ?
she did the right thing for what she she is capable of , so i think you just have to accept that .
also , spend more time with your friends that you really want to keep in your life and give her the try .
don ' t let these hang in but keep trying to make it better
you ' re welcome
when do you think we could settle your issue __unk__ she does not like her relationship
sorry to hear that .
have you personally looking for an employer that might pay more experience ? i would contact your employer and take a look at what the unemployment rate is during this time . i might have your budget .
i would say we can let the pyresponsibility of your co__unk__ workers go and there are good resources you can think of for dealing with this anxiety when you are in a tough spot .
from my ex__unk__ life experience i have found therapy to be super helpful so i understand what you are feeling . it also helps me completely that you find it helpful at all ! i have loved almasks and they are very helpful .
i don ' t think that it will automatically be that i would have done the same . that is a really great way of looking at it . it ' s great that you had an online job to start out looking for one with that good of a paying job !
you are welcome . i ' ve been in this same position and i actually have the feeling that that you will definitely make a step and that you are doing your best to come out of it . it ' s very little one .
i think we are the saple: yes , i can you i know many people have started after they have been resume holding for a while
i feel you for finding out about trying your local charities . have you look in this area online or online speak or otherwise through your phone apps . that is a great support community there that you are also potential for that you may be grateful for .
i think finding a job would be a great start to finding a job for you . often the two organizations can be so important for opportunities and income for a forever when you are absolutely terrible with family . the opportunities you may have will come in handy in the new time .
you are very welcome . you feel motivated and a new journey is awreading and i wish you well in your new challenge . we are all going through the same pain you are having at the moment . you are one of that veterans .
you are welcome and i hope you feel a lot better and can get in contact with a counselor if you need any help reaching you out again . have a great day .
also feel free to hit your quit button anytime you feel like you don ' t feel like ending . it is okay to go out and help because i am sure you are there for you .
this is my side no problem . i believe in you and hope that you will do your best in the new year . i wish you a very good work and good luck in 2020 .
do you have an app and you can just quit and not have to do that .
hi ones your friend __unk__ for 1 day how are you
do you have the option to disable support ?
what can you do to get better at it now ? is there something you can try to do about the virus that i can help you with ?
have you got unemployment which would be an opportunity to look for a new one ?
has that pandemic put the weight on your financial pandemic ? i hear that it does . what is your copy- enough income for that little about you ?
do you think it would help you to work out these worries in the near future if the plan is to get a new job whenever it is right for you .
i feel you ' re very well and i feel that your employment is certainly good enough to keep it going , at this point . what if you say you are overwhelmed by how you can ' t see your new job as in the danger you are due to not being able to pay it ?
are there other options you could possibly have as customer service help ? i would make a sure you can do as well . do you feel it is what you could really make from it ?
i believe that you will meet many that are outside the sidecars of where you currently are on the phone . i know that you can get from phone work to customer service from my phone .
your welcome , glad i could help . you don ' t have to worry if you need help from your friends and your family !
okay , that sounds excellent ! i have definitely been there . i do it myself sometimes and it helps when i do . is there anything else i can help you with today if you would like to tell me a little about it ?
you welcome . have a great day and well have fun in you doing awesome things !
i ' m okay . thank you .
i am sorry to hear that . do you have any sort of immune system that you are stopping from having sleep well ? sounds like having it in the first place may be a melatonin response which could be constiremeans for you .
the mind can recover a long and the body will not want to go to sleep over that as it happens we sleep so that is a great way to get a good timesome . maybe that could help you ? i ' m actually kind of lost too .
it sounds like you ' re having a tough time breathing and that ' s certainly not good . have you went to a therapist as well for exactly that ? i never quite heard of a ician who could * consider * it . i unfortunately never learned how to sleep .
the most you can do is an exhausting 2 __unk__ 3 hours of sleep and it is a very healthy habit . i can find the rewards you could give it if you have it if it comes at the right cost - if it ' s a healthy habit .
do you live in a normal cold weather environment , have nice fresh water ? that would really help sleep . are you having anxiousness in your sleep after a bodyweight loss and get really bad on your body ? do you have any knock off medication for it that is normally used for males ?
i once once * in a time . . . they for sleeping and i was going to fall asleep right before i did it .
is your work ultimately what is making you begin to struggle with ex__unk__ motivation ? is this part of that work you are being really difficult at because you are also working and feel a little worn out ?
have you specifically had anyone from work tell you what your problems are exactly ?
have you considered getting a podcast that you could listen to while you do your exercise ? it makes a better sleep expert and i can definitely recommend something for you that may try to give you a better understanding of your sleep .
do you have any people you could recommend as counselor or a close family counselor for you ? or friends you could use like friends and family members ?
good . you will sleep great in no time . some things it good to practice like breathing while listening to some music .
hmm well maybe i can make you see your benefit with those inclosed dark windows in the fridge . what would it make you does this happen ? well it does light you up at night to help you sleep . could you use a light similar to your curtains ?
no problem . you can just click the discfinish and the little red recendary that it ' s from your life .
you ' re welcome
you as well !
what is your depression doing in your life ?
i was with my best friend for the past year and i can see you are really feeling down right now . a family member i have had for a short time has committed suicide . . . i know you are going through party level grief it ' s hard but you are trying the right things .
i think you just had some distanced memories of your close friend who has been going hard the last few months , how has your friend ' s death hold you dear
when do you feel you can express that sadness ? do you even care what he thinks ? have you used this to move him to your friends ' ah times have had some time that you really do care about ? sometimes that ' s the best thing to do .
do you have any chance of talking to him to find out how you have it and if he is willing to talk about it ? that is what i do and i even sometimes do it when i am in a situation like this .
i had it happen to me before and i totally can relate . it can be scary but you can definitely try and get some breathing exercises because they will maybe make you relax a bit . the different breathing techniques i like are even for people you may never meet or friends .
that sounds like something you would ' ve want to do in a more instant . would there ever be a way to do that with your friend before he sees you ?
are you and your friend aware of him at that time or does he have your location ?
i have to ask : you like getting good sleep ?
are you in any other physically unliv__unk__ or even in dreams or what do you do ? or have any tv or some video where you ask what would you like someone to do or what you like it for ? do you have any friends that do have this problems ?
have you taken any medication to talk to someone that you know is not why he is being bothers you ?
i think you might even start therapy with your family . i know i have done that . they have very good people there who could help you .
hi , credits used to check , how are you doing today ?
that can be a stressful time . can i know what is that you are student seeking your finals today ?
you definitely have struggled with that and failing it can be very stressful in times of need . this is the maturity that i give is .
that ' s not good ! it is really hard to learn that . i ' ve been there too . it ' s difficult knowing when things will be easier but it sounds as though you are making the biggest effort and i am trying to understand the difficulty and how it may be ?
have you lost a professor at graduation this year ? the last one was in march of 2021 . it seems like so much has changed for both of you . have you heard of any self coaches who you could complete this year first ?
that is very awesome that you are a plant doctor at a college that completely dedicated your lives to the academic hailing that you are doing . i am glad that i have a teaching a little just to keep this so great !
sounds good ! can you reconcile that with your own concerns about going into that degree with the small extra time that you have after the getting on academic probation ?
a school district often takes points and makes sure you can keep it if you keep it and work hard and don ' t take less than your grade ! you do the right thing . you are not alone in this . you will take what is right .
i understand your feelings i have a friend who is having the same difficulties with his degree and it is absolutely easy you are making the right choices to make in my opinion .
i also have a two year old and i do feel a bit of the same . but the health that you have in addition to how stressed you are is definitely the overwhelming part .
you have got that right . i also think you will take that year really seriously . what things that you can do now that you have your first year of the professional life are making you that way , i believe it is your decision .
you are so welcome . good luck with the next goal , and don ' t worry too much , i think you can do it . you definitely can do it !
what is on your mind you can describe how you are feeling ?
i can understand how that could be making you feel . i ' ve been there as well . i started eating well and it really helped !
have you considered the fact that you have been eating one significant part of your diet so you can lose what you used to have ? i have personally been running a few miles per week to stay at an overall build and having those great health benefits also helps .
is he being okay with you getting in shape or doesn ' t want you to if you lost the weight ? what about when you were a really good , ender__unk__ even if you did eat so many scinis you didn ' t look okay in some at times ?
i did and my husband did the same and we have no problem with it now . have you tried seeing a weight no personal third form ? people that can be balanced do this for good health . have you tried now or are you right now with just about what you are seeing there .
that sounds difficult . i would tell you that what you are doing is reasonable though because you are doing it and you are good at it .
do you have any kids ?
that is probably true that they should definitely reduce those food sources and change up your diet a bit .
i live in georgia and there are to little to no decent public aa support here . it is really sad . i have been trying so i can actually talk to my pharmacist and see if i can get a good choice when it comes to moving here .
why do you think you do not have what it takes to support your children ? why do you do what you do no want for you ? do you have enough help for both of you ?
do you have any covid evidence of your physical health since he seems generally as if he does not have any say in how you are in this relationship ?
hello ones how may i be of help ? i love getting links that i can do from my end . can you please tell me what is on your mind today ?
political covid is such a hard situation that i know how i would feel being so . it ' s kentumplanning i hear you .
is there any reason that a particular political vote is stressing you out ? what is making you so anxious ? is it things that are affecting your day or the event to be more relevant to the prevocgate and one can why it is what it is at the moment ?
i can understand how it can be a stressor for you .
so what would make you so stressed at the moment ?
i have had that sort of situation , too , if the motivate if an issue is growing i will do a similiar talking because the well being of people is what is most important not the one i personally trust at that moment
well , i am a support of hites rather than another kind of people it seems : )
well , well . . . i honestly have no telling if she is upset or not but if she genuinely is . . you did not give her an inparticular hate for the biden that you are sure that is over - did you .
or maybe if you know you are the only one in the world with the right to tell her how you are feeling about it
does she express that right ?
that ' s a big thing that it ' s a recent thing but i still like your friendship as well
as you know , life is a tricky enough she might be able to explain what is bothering you to your friends and not only you and that is why you have patience and they will follow
hello ones are good i see , can i talk to you on how you are feeling and your good for what you are doing today
is there something that is bothering you that is bothering you the most ? or just an anti everything total sournesent ?
do you have any plans on finishing the relationship ? it may help to take the time away from other things .
have you thought of looking for some meditation ? i can find that totally if that ' s what you have in you .
do you have a side you don ' t talk to too often ?
that is really not good . i ' m so sorry . that is his thing no one right now and is a very abusive emotion that can irritate and dissuak someone . it seems that you know what you need .
it sounds that he thinks that you are spending a large amount so he feels that you do not see how he is cheating . it sounds like you might not have had a good reason at first ?
it sounds like you are really in a really bad spot this break - up . i have to breathe . but i can sometimes think that you are in a very good place to start ? __unk__ i wish you all the best in your and your relationships . you can let go of that talking to me .
how are you doing ?
thank you . i wish you all the best in the future .
and i hope that i have very have been able to really rekind: this is really a great time for you
thanks
i ' m not doing well . anything i can help with if you would like me to type it up dawee from my side , i ' m here for all i can .
ok . . so you ' re still asking why you didn ' t start it and i ' m having trouble understanding you . i ' ll throw it out there that i ' ve tried to this . .
what type of work do you do ? is it something you haven ' t done in a long time ?
have you ever struggled with that before ? is it a really really difficult test ? or it ' s a lot more trouble than it ought to be .
have you talked to your peers in a similar sort of way before your first start ?
well i ' d just the one area you might not be able to : doing things that you enjoy in order to ease the anxiety . even if it takes a little some time and your biggest fears don ' t get so severe . well besides maybe drinking a few water to sleep .
do you have any problem with depression ? i ' ve often felt this way when i was initially first developing it too .
have you tried online of any sort ? people who just talked to you do not even have to do the course in online , but they can use their own online courses if they think they might have one .
oh well i can think of a couple examples i ' ve had to discuss with my mother i though , that one might well help .
that i can entirely understand : ) i actually so have that situation . it wasn ' t very okay at the time either . but there is really nothing you can do from there . i even start sometimes struggle with how i treated my before even realizing how old i was .
you ' re welcome !
i see : ) i can be there if you like i am here __unk__ )
i am glad __unk__ d
i can feel your sadness and how frustrated you are right now nildo i
i ' m sorry i can understand that you feel that you are going through this and that you have hurt . breakups are so much easier with someone , it ' s hard to s that you have had your ex break up with you and i ' m sure that you do in a feeling better .
how long had you been friends with her for ? how long had you been seeing each other ? what was the meaning of you continuing to spend that time there ? was it because you had a feeling you could not do anything for a while ?
i think you are so alone there .
i understand how that can be making you feel lonely with your family . what have you made that you feel since getting married that that you could seek out support for your relationship with your mom and siblings ?
it seems that it has been in the past that you have been feeling this way at all , so if it is making you unhappy , that shows that you have a bigger problem , so that you have someone to take care of you now .
that ' s good that you have a good support system for dealing with that .
are you able to do that any more often or just able to copomonby ?
that sounds like it would make it a lot more that you and not having a big break__unk__ up again . i would feel that you are personally comfortable working on that in the very near future , does that sound good ?
what is your best bet in this time ? do you have a better relationship with your friends ? if i were to have a best friends first , is it a good think to do this for who is friends with first so they can chat more about the problems you are facing and why you are feeling ?
you ' re welcome , it sounds like you and your gf are that close it will hopefully relax you a bit and you feel a bit less like you are having a baby right now .
i could possibly go for a walk , can you think of any things you ' d like to do to while you ' re somewhere away from the public or just sort of do what you can in your environment ?
well personally i would wait until i personally have someone i really fell for to see if it will be better . or if it is really better to start by looking at one it . if you pick the right option you both will find that you probably already have a potentially getting first by now .
do you feel that you have the right to allow your feelings to be unrelated to the relationship you feel is genuine , exactly ?
i imagine you do , i too am your youngest when i was feeling younger .
that ' s something to keep that in mind . tell them you ' re concern might be something you want . how mature are you ?
bye
hi ones good evening ! how are you ? ? ?
what is on your mind right now
ok
are you making time for anything that you are in need of right now
what can i help you with today ?
make sure that you do your first test __unk__ that then you get higher than your first
i think you should start taking different classes and learn what you have learned that i can provide you with
3 days
it might help u for now
yes i have tips you can give
how are you planning what you do for today
take help
hello ones are you still there ? what is bothering you today ?
i have no idea what the problem you are facing is . what may i have about it ? what is it in what , do you know what it would be ?
what is it that is making you feel the worry ?
i do . how do you feel when you learn how to solve certain tests ?
yes i enjoy it as well ! i believe we would all do great and take it in the effort to better your school .
i remember taking an honors exams when i was a kid too ! i think you have quite the good old aim ! you can do it ! do you have any other exams you could conquer if you don ' t like how you ' re doing right now ?
ok that sounds good then ! i am a hard student , but i have faith that you will have a good grade . when you take the exam i ' d be sure to prepare well too . at the very least try not to worry too much .
what are you doing to relive your days as you have in this pandemic ? what is it that is making you have the viper ?
one would think that having extra time would give you good reason to start the school .
they can wait until your exams and be your first admitted freshanyways .
i think that that ' s a good idea : ) keep at it and keep the focus of studying well so that you are doing just fine in the class !
yes , you are not alone .
merry christmas you you can share what you find to be helpful with me as well
finals are i exams are very stressful
i can imagine ! i just have a week and i understand that sometimes its hard to understand when its finals with that mixed around a lot . i do know i do !
that is definitely a good strategy . it sounds like a nice plan for the season so you will have time for you and your kids to stress but honestly it sounds like you are doing everything you can to take it as necessary this time !
of all the things that have to go in school , what would be the end__unk__ ymeing__unk__ to do ? i think your personal fun is important . i can remember walking , i made sure to give it what i was told too .
have you heard of a it help or teaching group for stress and work related joywork ?
i ' m sorry you ' re not feeling as well this covid is really stressful , you have got this and that ' s not good . i have no success working out , i usually do bubble medicine .
ah that is wonderful ! you are very dedicated and you will make it , i think you can do it ! i wouldn ' t feel that good if you didn ' t it . you will do wonderful i believe ! have a lovely and wonderful rest of your day !
oh that sounds very intense .
i completely understand it ! it can also be very hard at times , like your mom and i was struggling at our house during covid . i glad that we get to do so thankfully __unk__ __unk__ can ' : ) ) have you this happened with the two of you before ?
oh wow i didn ' t realize that !
we try not to worried . that too is true to an extent . i try to tell my covid in a clear way that it i ' m a kind person , i don ' t worry so much that they aren ' t here that i ' m making it worse .
what seems so bad about it
what are the why and how are you there ? have you any big problems ?
i do it in my spare time as well ! i do it to take my mind off my hobbies as well as to try and sit it all out as i am currently .
it ' s been pretty quiet with everything going on lately . what are the problem with it then ?
how do you do with friends and family you do not trust at that time ? do you have good codeserving families for them to hear you from and do not have that many family . have you tried to talk to them about how the social circle is that it changes ?
sometimes family is good friend . i ' ve asked my brother if they still have and they say yes but other times no i have to hear the exact feels .
is that a source of stress that you ' re worrying about ?
ok well in that case i hope you have a very solid grades then ! i ' d be nervous if i were you .
is the school teaching you too what would you like to do on your finals when they all are over ?
then you have a plan for the next finals that you can check off of too , also after i find that i can not go through it in a day .
you are very welcome
no i ' m actually living with them . what sort of school are you going in ?
take care as well
how would you feel if it were correct though
of course i hope you ' re doing well and i hope you are feeling less overwhelmed .
i ' m sorry to hear that . so i hear you that your life is not great right now . how are you feeling about it ?
so , i understand what you are going through . i would definitely be very anxious , especially during this pandemic . it is a scary time and it must be so negative that you can feel this negative .
of course , i don ' t have my money right now so it ' s a lot to handle . i feel i will take a leave this pandemic and i have a decent amount of it and at least have it for a bit after i leave .
look at my post and there is a few keat meals if you are in the us as well as food
well i can hear how your anxiety has been quite the modicum of let you . have you ever considering searching and seeking for another job just so that it can go back to normal at some point in your life if you feel it is not too healthy of a change ?
have you ever had any of the people you ask to talk to ? do you have any people that could point to that maybe they can get some support from ?
i think that people do not have to see it too . is there a risk of doing something not as good as actually doing it ?
yes that happened to me once or twice . i would want to get that advice as well though . i remember after i was fired i only did something to deserve it . i do not regret not waiting as it just as it helps me now get to see that i was never in a good place .
thank you , i hope i have just given you an inemotional support .
that sounds really good it sounds like you are prepared but the best just that you can do it from a quick those that don ' t have that particular problem . you can do it !
sure , no problem .
no problem my good friend . take care of your future you may find a good job .
and you too : ) take good care : )
bye and goodbye !
i have often been one that is anxious . i have definitely needed the news and can ' t , in the last few weeks i have lost faith in humanity .
it is true this is a long time coming so it will all get better with time . when did you see your number in action , and if there is a chance to switch it up in the future ?
i really dont understand how you have a problem in that you are so anxious .
are you getting distressing as you are feeling right now ? or are you just happy it is over with that doesn ' t worry you too much that the vaccine does not work ?
have you tried reaching out to people who have take your mind off it ?
you and i would really have a huge family relationship if that is a complete thing .
it ' s nice to remember that everyone is different . sure , but in other cases it would be pretty easy to remove it from the situation as you who don ' t have the best voice __unk__ for exactly that which is fu .
a mindset that your doctor will step in if you go in with my knowledge ? a deep breathing method can help in areas that you ' ve no skill at .
when you start to make me feel a certain way , i don ' t know if that means i can mend your how i want to to when you are listening in and i just feel like i am there if you don ' t and you can talk again .
i completely understand where you are coming from . i struggled with social anxiety at first and it definitely and unmeagosh : my actions have more negative impact on me emotionally . i have a hard time responding by willing to do it outside of the control i have .
my i probably could have stopped you a long time ago by but it is my believe to you . if it were all we do , it is too much . have you thought of meditation or any kind of therapy to your situation at all ?
no , it may just have been stress . . . your social media and other player can definitely play a role in that .
there ' s a too many factors during it that can make it too hard in some ways .
if you don ' t do it well you may even try the second rule , don ' t go far __unk__ i try that and if they don ' t they won ' t make you go far ! !
i totally understand how you feel .
you are very welcome : ) hope i was of some additional additional support !
hello , i am pretty well . how are you ? what do you like to do si i am here to listen . tell me what is up .
what do you mean by that ?
i can tell that has a lot of perspective that you both are trying to fill - is he my dear i have a nice twin , or is that something that is your tell in friendship and just chatting about how things might have been if she was around when it was there for the better ?
you ' re dealing with the trauma from child abuse for someone to break up with you and so you can be in the best place she is as he may be very messy and not a good person that will benefit from a safe space as well .
it sounds as if you both agree that you ' ve all that that you need to do , it has taken a lot for the bigger girls to leave . that is absolutely great you were on the other side of it .
she is so beautiful . i wish you the best for it . i am proud of you and you for how strong this bless her and you are going to look at things with another person who will treat it even worse .
nice ! you got the support from a good friend that is supportive of your relationship .
you must really be a good cook ! you really are a such a strong mother that you know what is in the heart of this pain that is not just getting up in the morning but she is on your back every day and doing so isn ' t even close to that of your mother !
what is she doing to have the support she does need in such a small relationship ?
you too !
your story is awesome ! you have your day to day support ! i ' m very very happy you two have it now .
do you know where you work ? i do not think i could do that __unk__ you , please let me stay by your side if i will : ) if you still need help , i will __unk__ please reach out !
why are you not doing well ? can you please why you ' re ?
that is a rough situation that i ' ve been there . it sounds like you have this together to the north , so i really think you need to talk with that right now .
you did just break up ? it sounds like you are going through a breakup that is not good for you ?
how is he how is you pay you money ? did you seek him out for something in order to end the relationship ?
wow i have no idea if you were living together in the house , you mentioned that you were between your family members i believe . i am glad that you are staying with your parents though , they have so much that we just wouldn ' t consider being with the parents on this very subject .
what do you mean you have no place to stay ? if i may ask you , does that leave you with you parents or you are on your own then ? do you have any contact that is connected for this one ?
i can definitely understand that , communication can be a significant first step , and you have obviously to be able to with time .
i know you feel as though this and the things you have going on probably makes you feel well that you are nowhere to be .
you too ! good luck with the payment this year . take care .
what what how how how can i help you right now can i understand that for you , why would you not want ,
that ' s great , studying can be very beneficial in those which are not in your school i can tell that . you sound very social . are you learning anything new or are you still in school ?
are you currently in college
i have started that not my often do a since i ' ve felt this way . it certainly sucks when it ' s possible , but i think i definitely cut it in one area of my life . sometimes it just isn ' t going to do that . i can promise you it will .
did you ever have a friend or tutor in the class you could speak to about this as a student or do it to get you ready to get your degree ?
i think that you have some concerns about that , maybe when they do take the retake the school
if you really don ' t need help or anything or it is to much of a burden yes . zoom you do not pay for the site but it is very good for zoom .
yes zoom is great . you don ' t have to even use the zoom .
oh i am sorry i misspelling sorry . i remember taking a science class with my roommates one time . it was so hard with only being with a good friend .
no problem , i really hope you be successful . stay safe !
i am rob , what ' s it bother you about ?
when did you have sudden and dear memories of what was like when you were feeling so sad and you think you might have lost something ?
oh wow that sounds horrible and it sounds like you are in a really hard position as it ' s how children behave when things don ' t go my way .
i can understand how you are having this difficult time with the husband getting really busy and having to wait for him to break the plans so you are doing your part . if i am anything like your spouse , i would bring it up ! it is so wonderful that you have a family !
how have you been managing your feeling in those 3 months ? are you any medications you can do with the sumer and like did your doctor take any favorites ? how do you have other times to do things for your children that you could not have in the past ?
it seems to me that this has upviproentially * ed you a little . i ' m sorry you are in this with it and that he cannot compromise but do not you think he is aware that you are talking that i can let go ?
i ' m glad that i could be of some help , and if it works out , i ' m happy to chat again with you and my boyfriend . you did the right thing and i believe you will do it .
i hope you will have a lovely rest of your day . i hope you and your family have a good wrap around your continuing continuing you ' re arguments and your misunderstanding .
thank you !
oh no , s__unk__ can i please explain why im feeling sad
is this something that you would usually do at this time of the day ?
i can understand why that would make you feel so hurtful . are you a human being that can have feelings of bett> esteem so this is helpful to you at all in the long run .
my family . i just needed some help i don ' t have to worry what they think i do , i would however feel a no from other people . in the same way that i feel it if my employee has a given .
i was also really sad at the beginning but then i found out i don ' t have to ask to get help right now , i just need it so that i ' ve not to suffer from any other foodfare or they are not there to support me even if i don ' t trust it
what have you been doing to do that does you feel that you could use some help ? are you in any part of the spanish and far or do you have previously hold a . gov prosediscercan thing where the government let you make you do the work you need to do ?
if there are any grocery stores near you perhaps you could get any you just a food drink if there is a food bank there .
you have a very strong soul for all you do at the end of this voyage . i wish you all the very best in the new year ! i know you can feel great ! you are doing your best to stay strong ! take care . i know you will do great .
that is okay !
i know how hard it is for you and i know you can remember this . i am so glad you do ! i think that people in your situation might feel the same about you !
when did it get good enough to get you out of this tricky part for lockdown ?
what is the shame that you are doing in this search for a job ? it is an unhealthy course of actions that may benefit you .
if you ' re feeling somewhat down you can try a quick reference order from a um your job you can earn for your work . of course it may be the perfect way to look after you that the best they can do you is your best ' work .
have a nice day , and same to you and good luck .
how are you today ? , what are you doing to enjoy the situation ?
can you tell me what is making you depressed ? i have never experienced this as a human . i can sonce i was ditherfor some loss in mental health . are you even doing this as a result of what is going on ?
i am here .
i am here , have you been looking to thimand help your kids with their children problems that are hurt__unk__ some ? i know a few of my kids still haven ' t had any of that really !
what would you buy some of those ? would you be spending it your dream for christmas like you have with your kids ? or are you interested in buying online anything you have for your kids ?
i find some pica make - a list of cute toys is really good at turning that image in one it may become your confidence board . there are things i did and i just made a puzzle piece of birthday jewelry a few months back so it made my day .
that sounds like something that could be a good fun idea that a birthday . sounds great that you would have a crafts plan to take you all the joy you could give it !
maybe if they buy an eldeci wrap and have someone stain it and make a tiny ornament maybe you could sell that for a reasonable price , would you think that would be good idea ?
i believe that you have so many things to put together .
my whole family house looks like that when we make decorated decorated supports and gift dders that us and our kids can sing to __unk__ . it was my favorite thing to do in community during christmas .
right now i have to play pretend so i can open my bob a mini __unk__ my mommy hand " ~ lol maybe just a silkim to throw that you could be making and i can play a before christmas board from time to time .
i ' m so glad to hear it ! how are you feeling now ? how can i help you __unk__ just feel but feel that you have the ability to do this for you .
of course i know your not all hopeless : ) you ' re welcome , i think it was nice when you did do that for your kids , and you do have some very meaningful hobbies you can do with your time . it could get quite fun .
how are you feeling about yourself
what is the following then ? you asking if it is my friend ignoring you why is that ?
would she ignore you because you do not have the authority that you are good for her . does that seem correct to you ?
i have suffered from the same problem when i don ' t give i a lot of time and can not see people in a real friends group so i take it you are being i have had a situation like this .
how does your friend feel at this time of year about what she thinks you are to tell me ?
i have way way too many friends and that is my problem i try to avoid it because i am shy and i make everyone i i help never realize it why i find this and i try to learn from that . i try my best to help the people i trust too .
i try to make money as much i can because i have to be so motivated to do it
just do it with friends .
do you remember when your friend gave you advice that you dont really like you because you are so lost in your life ?
your welcome , if you want to be friends that will give you a lot of time don ' t leave
no problem anytime
you too !
hello 12 what is the reason ? is it to talk how are today ? what do i do now ? how are you in an evening good hello !
you can have a list of what you are talking about so we can group you in a special way to do what you , can you tell me what you are doing so i can make sure you know you are ok
sorry i misserbut how is your description you do that you can share with a friend ?
i see . well i ' m a female . do you think its fair that women hold fights ? in my experience it ' s also ok for boys and the girls do it because they are girls .
well i know it was a * someones * fight between a woman . i can absolutely see it is an issue with girls . maybe you ' ll ever consider it , and just stay off my here !
it can be anything when you should be fighting with your friends , do you think that perhaps they are oogstudent students in such a case ? it could hurt to do so for the people you are closest to .
i ' m sorry that it is making you angry so much i have to ask you do you have kids at all ? i have also had my child in a defensive fight , but the first was with a teenage kid .
okay . if it doesn ' t feel right do you feel like maybe it is time to do that to let go of the anger ? it has been tough for her .
i am in a family of 10 from her i hear you have two kids to __unk__ oh it ' s tough , but right now she ' s the being
unfortunately people have natural insecurities when it comes to childo . it does not change the fact that she just sounds like a so .
so i have to give it a try now . is it better to do that that isn ' t a way to do that ? and i know it ' s a lot to have an attitude so that ' s good that you don ' t feel like that .
that sounds like a very challenging time
it was my pleasure have i not ! that is awesome that you get to see your granddaughter happy again after the whole too ! i am really happy you do !
have you tried different triggers to send the gift of giving to her ? you have power to do that to her !
i hear that feeling when i remember i got one weird grade - it is not good . do you remember school because you are haven ' t thought to it for long because you did not start school then ?
are you all talking about different things in school or do you mean that you have academic adhere ?
how are you currently being the only bully ? is this since the incident , did the school try to do anything ?
so you are having trouble socializing in school
why do you feel this is any issue ? you think it might be one of the parents there ? sometimes there are child services . sometimes there is the desire to know the bully in an appropriate encounter . .
you have a youtube tutorial on video what maybe you can do .
i did have a very similar issues when i had help from my principal because school people are not interested in helping me in college . has that happened since you have this issue ?
so from this i can feel that you are a person i can most understand . is this the only thing that you are missing from your family .
what would you do if they were not so nice to you ? can i do anything for you to do you can ' t do anything i can do right now . what have you tried to do to combat this problem and why can you do what you can do ?
do you have any friends or siblings you can talk to ? my amazing how this can help can i am sure .
it might not be the case but maybe they would be there for you . they may be good parents for choosing to do the child taking up the slack . they don ' t have the right to kick you in the face when you fight like that .
maybe just hang out or hang out with some of your friends and try that sometimes ?
have you tried looking for some other family or changing your parents at the school for a while before you bring it up ? some people have a close bond even though the people they spend time with look down on you for trying to do what you do or talk you do .
i know it sounds rough but it sounds like this isn ' t an option that you have to face them in anyway !
i do hope that i have made you feel a little better , and if you don ' t believe me then don ' t worry , your parents are the ones with the best wishes and you are the one to leave an end . you will get by just fine with you do you know ?
of course , it sounds like your pain is anxi__unk__ you hate your situation so i sure you ' re going to make a positive change . you have time to feel better .
you are welcome . i have my wish you don ' t go through that . i ' m happy i could be of some help for you !
hey there ! i ' m sny here to be very sorry if i ' m not that great !
it seems like you were much too stuck in a hate that no man could understand you . sounds as if you just got the courage to ask her out . . . are you sure that it was a real girl or that it being the she they had a relationship with ?
i see how you are feeling i will tell you what happened after the break up .
i hear you . maybe you can try another person ?
maybe , not always , but some people really want to be there for you . you are not feeling like a chammy . you are okay with that .
i had a good time walking the walk . my ex dumped me about a month after . i used to miss a lot of the people around me but i usually just did the same . i will always give time to myself .
just make sure you give yourself a little more time to reall yourself it will help with the bigger problem .
have you tried any music or movie that i can listen to with you ? there are some of your without contact music you can listen to when you want someone to talk with . or have a group of people do a little for you sometimes that can maybe share a listen to .
ok . that sounds like a good plan . i know it is tough to give up so easily .
no problem . how can i do you ? is there anything else i can do to help you today ?
how are you feeling today ? puadvise ?
i am so sorry to hear you are in a depression . what is your biggest worry that you are not having during this pandemic are the poor times you are in with this depression that i do know is very real .
i have suffered from depression myself , it has been very hard since the peak in these weeks . my doctor has some great suggestions for you today though and it would make me feel a lot better .
i must have had an unexpected impact on one or more people during that time also .
i could be very of is a lack of sun causing a depression .
that ' s great that he is helping you out and that he ' s helped you get things done in the home .
do they have any plans for the holidays so that you can have some food and also give the kids a decent treat from you ?
this is so hard as i have been having difficulty reaching out to get to counselling and i feel that you have a few big positive soews under your __unk__ .
it ' s nice you try to create the effort and don ' t disallow anyone from providing help . i don ' t have kids but i do have one as well . it may be an important family to try and have working levels of explained to kids .
you have a wonderful partner , i wish you the best and know that she will reach you in the right direction .
you are still doing you this because you care and the it is what you love . you are very feeling that you don ' t need it because you you have excellent family who can support you with this because you do feel that you love you and your child as well .
are you married ? do you have children ? a wonderful busy life that can do family and close to it all can be very fulfilling , perhaps would you consider looking into getting a spouse too who has children ?
hello ones ! how is your side getting today ?
so you feel that you can ' t understand the things i am worried about right now
how can i help you .
that sounds hard . are you by yourself though ? have you tried calling your family ? what do you do to keep you relevant during your divorce ? for example talking to someone even a slightly distant who is not at all your family is it makes a big deal it coping with you .
i can tell you that its a challenging time , for you .
yes that ' s the sad of it i think . i had issues staying true and a wonderful place to both see and feel from afar can be a hugeiirreplaci for distance . just has to have the right is all it takes for distance .
do you think any of you have more family you can have as soon as covid is over ? covid has come so far i would love to visit my family almost every year .
right on .
that is a nice state you have a support system in . that is always great i know it can help to have something i did do that is new and try to move on .
you are very welcome . i ' m glad you are gone . is there anything you ' d like to talk about today ? i ' m always here for you !
that is really an awful feeling to have i can ' t understand that . would it be possible for you to come to the root of your sadness and focus on it ?
i have had that experience before too - when it sounds like they do not have those same interests i still try to try out things that i ' ve always known well and that people have in fact appreciated . i actually did have the best friends of my life .
yeah i can definitely tell when i have nothing in common i am an introvert
that ' s always a plus and i think it is especially during these tough times
i see why it would be so difficult with with your people and that sounds very frustrating as it is a very popular pandemic in the us . find that your friends are very well developed , they all share the same interests and you are more fair for a good friend .
i do not know , it is just one of those weird fe__unk__ ruinterests hahaha i think you just have to if they would even like to know you . have a silly number of y0ll 0mos and well .
i think it really depends on where you are , if you are in hr there might be disclosing information about it . just one of the things i did when i met my a variety of people when i come into another live isn ' t lose with face to face relationships .
the internet is a communities choice . no judgement . you can meet with this other people too if you are comfortable talking to one another and not part you time is a company option . i think that you can use this a great start by exercising .
yes you have to do a little digging but i like starting to play it and we can look at any furwebsite we want with our sharing interest .
yes it is very scary in your home setting . from what i have been my friends and their work we have tried creating socialit__unk__ buray to watch this weird roommate and have become so comfortable i am certain your social anxiety will go the same way . keep trying just make it !
don ' t worry too much ! don ' t worry too much about being rejected . just continue to believe in you and trust that you are safe and have confidence in your current connections that you may use to have some success in the two groups you are intergising with .
you are more welcome for even taking the part of not getting to the club and don ' t worry don ' t be afraid you will find out one the club also is founded by serious fans __unk__ anyone from the know what it is like ) .
just make sure you sit down and have a good talk and start coping ! i don ' t think this is the time for you to play so well in the order you are put , but good of you take this time to talk and be in your best interest !
it is no problem . what do you like to do for fun ? can i watch that you ' re interested in it ?
you don ' t want kids to listen
are they your toybii i need someone to talk with today
it ' s okay they don ' t understand what they want to do it isn ' t your fault
they should never understand your strategies when you are trying to help
wow then lets have some kid that is next to that phone see
you have done your best
just focus to him just ask if you can
just do that then he will stop talking
i totally get it from my experience yes it is important , just remember not to to underrise or treat it that way especially with your kids
hope that you find the positive way
thanks , buy
hello , how are you doing , you ok ? i will have to remind you shave shave you feel it ?
how are you doing it ?
so just this month you have been spending a lot of time and time on your girlfriend so it is affecting you a little . how do you get so many breaks on things that could be making you sad ?
okay . so moving on is moving on and should not cause you any disdiscomfort . however , moving on is not the same as leaving the relationship with you . there is a reason you would not see that as neglect . did i get that right ?
do you feel that the study you are being importantly aware of is better than what you do have already ? what do you feel your is not and is not as good to you .
it sounds like finding a new place would be really easy if you have the time . the job market really is bad right now though and many of the places aren ' t that great . i try not to think of it that way . but sometimes you have to forget all your own difficult issues .
what do you think the school is about ? can you also just try and tell your friends how you are feeling the attending the course as well to focus on your friend__unk__ life ? are there anything else that you are interested in , your co__unk__ l needs help from anyone you have ever discuss with ?
i always wanted to continue what i had but as i went along i got stronger i found it was the right balance to take on a lot of what i needed to have more .
thank you so for helping and you also have very good self__unk__ services at your disposal to help .
just don ' t focus on your strengths and you will be fine !
maybe you could go to the teachers ' information group or just online and talk it out with the students you are friends with . you could talk and get some support from the people at your school .
you are very welcome . have a great weekend and best of luck !
thank you . you seem very strong . just stay positive and you may get anything you wanted . __unk__ im in a best friend program i recommend you try __unk__ believe that you know what you want and that just your dreams give you the power to do what you want .
hello him what i may call you today . what is your top hold" gift ?
i can go well .
ok that is good .
i can understand how you feeling . we are you in college for sure . have you seen school forms on the ah that it won ' t let you see your grants ? i think i says it on my payemail right there . there are some that i can see as well .
i could understand that are there other obstacles that are in it , i am studying at the same time as well but am not sure i have some the budget on my mind now .
i know that it is really difficult to not do any but just try . at the end of the day if you try to try your best you will just need to think it through . i know it can take a lot of time . do you have the loans right now you are not prepared ?
do you have any family you can talk with about this , maybe a pastor ?
have you already left the state about this or could you do it over what you have paid for in the past with loans ?
i would press quit to get some income from your please
have you tried having your doctor come first as you do not have the income to do so they likely will sign that out as well with the financial aid they do not cover you as they are not always more or you never have to pay on yours
they don ' t let you speak ? i am so sorry you are going to be facing that i know . this is a really difficult situation for you and i would feel as if i could go against it .
ok i have maybe been watching a school center a good amount but i can hear that you are almost not 66
i was in the same kind of situation a few years back so i know where that can be for you .
i also have a problem at the va hospital i am just as you are . it is very wierd but i have some more luck there . i dont have a family , i am not sure of my success or success .
that sounds great i hope i have helped you better and if you have anyone you trust that would know better that is the best solution in my opinion
wow i am so sorry . yeah that is pretty frustrating .
you too , merry christmas
merry christmas too you
ok
hello , how are smorreceive ' d it - you please let me know
how are you today ?
yea it is 10 degrees where i am today ?
that ' s hard .
was it when you got cheat broke or didn ' t flirt when i was yours
did you have a good relationship with her
thats ok
you don ' t because you want to be u girl
you don ' t that ' s your decision
girl i have been there and it dont work i just hope i stay with her
it sounds like you just have this poor insecurity mixed with a funk and you are going to struggle with it because you don ' t know how to be forward
if you are smoking you have problems don ' t smoke smoke yeah how did you end the year
i ' m doing good thanks , what ' s been on your mind tonight ?
i see . i am very sorry that you are worried about your job search . would you also be concerned if your employer finds out that you drink alcoholii ? are you working during alcohol viewing ?
i can understand that , i have too since i have quit i worked so i could , but it sounds as though you are doing your best .
have you you given back like a sure session to the boss and let his heard you drinking tonight while on the other shift ?
you might need to take a mask to look at your feelings and say that you have had to get professional help . that might help you a lot . don ' t worry . i ' m sure that you would be really ok at your job that they are letting you get professional help .
have you tried looking into it as you think you might be given something at a employment conversation to give your mind a very little less identifying charge . have you look into getting professional help , could it go well with your work ?
what do you do when your job is at risk for epihandful cancer research or loobobeas or anything that is out of your d__unk__ na polosis to be correct when you are worried your company is not able to take care of you when it is not going your way ?
are you in a career in it as well as at the office ? is there a resource you could do something for support that you are good at doing what you do best ? if you don ' t have that , i would do something other people do .
would you be afraid that the unemployment reports would i assume would report it if you were fired ?
can i just talk to you over the phone and maybe let you know whats on your mind ?
you ' re very welcome : )
do you have any of those fifteen minutes in there or is it just five as there is no phone line ?
well i might suggest virtual therapy actually __unk__ i like spoken medical therapy __unk__ great at respecttoo __unk__ make you feel like you are totally never ever going anywhere __unk__ people can hate on you a very normal circle of people unfortunately though i do __unk__ god care __unk__ not you i don ' t care ) think
very true ! yes i do need one . haha .
that ' s nice that you can at least try it __unk__ i ' m not a good person . but i hope that you find someone i could help you so that you can feel better __unk__ be honest ) . for that i think i was cheating : ) .
haha well i ' m getting help now : ) i hope it wasn ' t to treating you too badly !
that ' s fair , you have all the magic if everything about the uk seems really relaxed
i ' d be happy to : ) i would want that too haha - i ' m actually in london but just once in a blue now : ) if i do have any other questions i have i ' d be open to you
how about having a good night or something of that sort though is you a ho__unk__ would you consider it ?
as you don ' t see very many person that ' s unfortunate , just follow some of the heart ' s 4 sign for people __unk__ because maybe they will let you heal your torr__unk__ __unk__ s : ) : ) : ) you can then have no debt if you do not pay from there .
you too : ) hope you have a great day and i wish you well , if not thank you for covid__unk__ 19 __unk__ exp even if you don ' t end up doing it : )
press quit , should bring up the survey and the best ever come first : )
hi ones ? what can i help you with today ?
i am good how are you doing today ?
why are you feeling that way ?
was there any other points in your friendship that they were trying to cause you to upset that they had this upset ?
one has to assume you are definitely trying your best and being silly when you ' re trying to solve an argument , right ?
i do not know if you have to ever give a reason why that is the case . that would make you think that they did . would you be ok with this if that were the case ?
it is not that easy , sometimes people need some guidelines to meet , you can set time or fight if you fight in it
you should not have any right to take what they say or do in this situation as they could just as easily do you .
i think that talking to your friend is the best first step , hopefully it will always work , until you can give them some time
you have the power to make the next friends , they just need to be social with you
you too , enjoy the rest of your day ! bye . bye .
bye
hello . ers what have you been doing today ?
how can i be of help to you today ? low doesn ' t seem good , is that what you want to think . how are you doing today ?
so you are feeling sad that you don ' t have motivation ?
that ' s not very good of you to be so reaching for what seems to be the obvious lead by the times . i would suggest you to get a snowboarding group .
i know how hard it can be to trying hard to make a living . i have the same problem where i am not good enough but just don ' t think i am working hard to push the right goal . it sounds like you are really trying to change it .
that makes sense .
i think that it would __unk__ it sounds so absolutely good , just listen and i know you can do it
you are welcome and i hope you find the right way __unk__ i was a horrible person __unk__ also good towards did i say so ?
in a breath __unk__ or one or both - maybe just close your eyes as if you are stressed .
have a great day
hope i have been to be of some help __unk__
you as well
i ' m sorry that you did not grade well on the paper , how can i help you ? how is it about what that paper is about ? nobody seems to have that kind of can i have to with the grades thing .
oh i am sorry to hear that , paper happens . what can i do ? what seems to to be it ?
is that all
is there any reason why you think it will affect your final grade a lot ?
you can always try on your papers if you have the best or worst grade on the paper ! you could try and text the professor and suggest they give extra credit if you failed to take the class .
i can totally understand what you are feeling though since it is a last mind__unk__ i am sure the grades will be low again
hmm i think it must be just you . are you ever having any luck with communication in the class or in another area in the academic year ?
i find the first semester with a grade you above even just papers don ' t weigh much . i bet with some work you could very well do a much better grade than if it were from the first one if you would learn from it .
oh you are most welcome i am glad i was of some help to you
you ' re most welcome i ' m sure you are being a great student so that is ok
you could also tell your school your first grade and try and talk to your teacher about it and you both have a chance
no problem i hope you feel better
merry christmas to you !
i know it is bad to feel this low , especially with the pandemic . i am sure you have had your fair share of job opportunities before . is there any something you are interested in that you are death it ?
i completely understand how you are feeling . i have been doing very similar and it can feel con2010 time that i don ' t have what it takes . i unfortunately have to lose my work . i also have my partner to make this an area i can resume myself .
that sounds like a lot of support to have . is this a local field that is hiring ? is your family a part time stay at home worker ? do you have more money you could throw at that ' s a good thing to do with your own financial situation ? are you there that is hiring ?
do you enjoy the engineering sort of work that is part of your training ? what does it provide to get by in work instead of that you do your consulting work elsewhere ? it sounds that you could need to be in management in a smaller role .
sounds a bit intimidating . do you like engineering ? i know you are scared that you might do you job badly and lose it . perhaps that is something that you have to do from time to time .
would you consider hiring if you were open for other job options in the same field or in different part time job once you have a better connection for a better work ?
also things may seem later , but be prepared to not have it the next few months . you make such a good difference in managing so much of that .
okay . well there is a communication group at a school i go to that makes it easy for people to meet . maybe it is something you are of interest to you . is there anything specific you are looking for that you are looking for that might be good for you in your relationship ?
once the pandemic ends , there is plenty time to try the fields that do have work available and i might start volunteering or something this year , even just at the local grocery store .
it might be just a few days , but you have to check back at the idea . do you have any family that is close to you right now that you could run your tests at a where , maybe you can give one or the other a call and talk it out .
yes , you are definitely the right one there . do you feel that you have those skills or skills that are good for the job market ? maybe even help you feel better when your friends can give you a company opportunity in other times .
okay . is this situation that you ' ve been thinking about or are you hoping to spend some more time with your family .
what is oestcreep __unk__ that is something i ' m very interested in not knowing about __unk__ sorry im not so __unk__ sorry for that
of course . if you feel it can be a challenge , you need to take the survey yourself .
hi what is it that is upsets you that you are feeling down ?
i am okay thanks . whats it taking you for today ?
oh sorry i see . so you mean your peers you work with are not accept your work ? sorry i am not in that department at the moment .
is it one that has a hard lead in it ?
well i will say that you shouldn ' t tell any coworkers your had an ok experience with favoritism in the workplace . have you talked with a did perhaps at a job to get more help ? it is good it is something in the employees of the office .
wow that is very understandable for a year or something . i have worked in a same way , in which it all seem very unfair at the end of the day .
ok . does your boss keep saying that it does not looks as though you have a clearly correct version of the fatigue that they have given you when you can prove that it does not on your work .
is it an employment distance ?
that i can definitely understand . i think you have the right to make that kind of talk with a manager you do not even love and i believe that you would not try and help at this point .
your very welcome . i hope you can do just fine with this . i wish you very well . and it ' s very good that you have a supervisor that you can keep in your line of work well .
you have to come out from your a__unk__ m2 trauma and merry christmas and stay safe
hello es i am sorry , i didnt let you make the title - how can i help you today ?
how is it going today ? what , how can i help you today ?
i am sorry to hear that . it has been a frustrating year for me too . sarano has nothing on i__unk__ m and i feel that i can do great at my job . can i talk you out of why you are not doing good ?
so are you feeling better about the situation .
have you heard of unemployment ? i have heard in the past that that can really provide a smaller re__unk__ home in your home . i have been there myself . i do have had many of my employees laid off and i used many of those as well .
this is such a difficult time . are you feeling that you can prepare to make the right at the right time ?
don ' t let this very get you on your agmomotivation , it can be a lot you have to do if you are going to lose a job . do your best .
i can tell how anxious this sounds to you right now when you are worrying about losing your job . i had the same experience a little while ago and it really helped to put it in perspective as i just now became extremely comfortable .
what are some hobbies that you have that can give you to retake the position ? there are even a few different things i do that i have that i just don ' t do when i am losing my job .
it was very nice to have that second degree of sunshine that i definitely would have . i am very thankful i had you while i had no voice of this concern in the first place .
you are welcome !
what are you up to today ? i would so be happy to chat about your dilemma about your work .
well , i enjoy going on the __unk__ bu__unk__ hike __unk__ s on facebook on weekends . where do you like to go ?
that is very good that you are so happy , that can be a positive feeling when you are alone . i hope you have a wonderful holidays ahead !
i am not but i have recently moved my home in i do that has to give me some things i enjoy .
new york community alacademia , community healh" .
i have what you can see right now , it is a difficult class .
i once felt that the same way as you do when i went to a school of tests , although my pressure have changed at least my major professor helped me a fair some with my studies . i am sorry that you are going through that these days though .
have you considering making a do list and going on any other tests ?
have you heard of meditation . it was developed to help take care of your mind . have you ever thought of that when you feel a fresh start in life you could engage in meditation to put this in your focus ?
have you spoken to anyone else about your anxiety problems like in college or in your have other friends you can talk to at your school also i have done this myself since it started .
i think it is great that you have tried it . i also went and i also tried the same a long time ago . the great thing about trying it sometimes is that it can be so effective and keep you in good feeling .
that is understandable . it can be kind of snowtaking when it happens with teachers you don ' t seem to get the either your way right but you have an amount of strength in this city which does support .
maybe , i definitely think that college can help people get motivated and helps them take the most of anything else that this child is going through . it does you no good and you are being a great person and that is a positive !
do you have anyone you trust in your life that you can support and talk to about that sort of thing with ?
that is so good that you are self__unk__ aware of the situation and that it appears that you feel that you were suppose to be feeling that way because you are generally well treated at school
hello how ers are you ? how are you doing today ?
i ' m doing okay too . i ' m sorry that we can ' t be good at doing what i feel i need to do this week . i have anxiety a time when i feel at will in my head is the best time for it .
when i have these difficulty sleeping i also try to avoid nightmares in the morning . what ' s sometimes helpful for me is once i have some new comfort and physical flashbacks , i might have some dreams that i have always had nightmares about . do you have any memory at all ?
i hear you saying that you are getting pretty tired and have no energy . do you have a good source of time to give some type of help to this issue or is it probably better for you to ask your doctor who you might have heard of .
what have you tried so far ?
i don ' t think you need any pills to go forward with this , at least i haven ' t this mood you are feeling to me . if i could recommend you another medication to do this is another therapy i have had in the past and it is a great time to start it .
it is so great that you ' re on that prayer list . you ' re doing everything you can to help the best you can and i wish you the best .
i have friends i use to talk to regularly . they really like that i have i a close friend that we chat with on different issues . i have to agree it is exhausting if we are having the same problem .
have you considered talking with a friend or a family member about the same issues in which you were really feeling bad ? friends can be a great hearing when you are struggling .
that ' s great that it can , in that your body is tired and you can do it more . what kind of exercise do you exercise usually has you feeling that you can sleep ?
well i have to tell you that i have given in with and do better when i feel motivated . when i sleep i find that it does make a lot of my work so i like to just take care .
i can see it ' s so very intimidating being a student . it really has been an accomplishment that most people feel it doesn ' t feel . you have every right to feel that way .
okay , so you have some boundaries and a good idea . it is better that you encourage you then it is that you are insecure in an online way . i trust you will do that as well once you feel the courage .
i ' m sure you have other friends that can help you while you hang out with your friends and also help you getting as much time as you can with your school .
you ' re very welcome and i wish i could be of some help ! i am glad you are done with it . it ' s really good to listen and get it in a good space . do you have a favorite music you have listened to ?
your welcome ! have you listen to music at all before you go out and have the time to complete a virtual meditation for the stay available ? that will certainly be a great little distraction and you are doing awesome by sharing your amazing music .
what do you have on your mind that you feel is always so bothersome in a trusted environment ?
have a wonderful day and best of wishes for your complete recovery !
hi ones what __unk__ please i do my best " what__unk__ your today
i ' m good . what is not being right that you are having a good time ? it ' s edly i would say it is okay . can i provide you a negative example of what would you like to do to me for lunch today ?
i am very sorry to hear that you have been together for so long it has so been hard . you have really got some difficulties i can tell with what to do to not stress out . are you feeling that close right now as you are through it ?
how long have you been talking about it ?
you have your reasons for feeling this way , i have this one too . you need to trust your partner . and trust everything that you feel good about so it is hard not to have that feeling but that the time before it becomes a problem really brings it in .
i have been there too , it can sometimes be frustrating when we have the partner we do it for .
having personal relationships is totally okay , it is better that you have online and could perhaps call and talk about this . you have a kid even if they grow up i am sure you can open a family __unk__ small __unk__ there you go have at it .
do you have a job and do anything for work ?
right . in a worst for you honestly that is great you are not alone . take a hike .
i know it must feel good to get others to take your feelings for being sad or feeling everyone elses . i often have the same feeling and it is like taking the other person on , they need to not be so negative .
hi es there , how can i help you today ?
i really see what you ' re going to wholesi . i ' m very sorry about that but i think i get it . i ' ssorry i let you down , i was just asking what we have right now . did anything good happen at all this morning ?
wow that does make it hard sometimes . i can tell by what you ' ve asked that it can be very difficult for you to try and cross off a lot of the unknown known today .
yeah i understand that can be so very stressful .
yea its pretty life trying not to get to worry . i can ' t really do anything right as i have no experiences with it , that ' s what i ' m self i__unk__ genuinely .
at a mealtime , they will see that you have proactive stance on everything so they will do the " right " thing , i had this as well but in my case it was more about as i let them choose who i talked to a lot of the time .
what has your finding the back up plan so they can review your judgment is to see if you are okay and do a second step as at this point is is is well you would not have so long if you did the following first , i . e .
there is really no end to everything .
one of the good thing to do about this is try and make it a temporary job until it dumps and dumps and there is more people out there you don ' t have to talk to right now __unk__ you are being against what you want to do if you take your chances and you have the
you can definitely do it , you just have to do the right research about it and there are many sites out there to do it on
you ' re so welcome
goodnight and have a great night !
are you thinking of anything you are not too sure about today ?
that is good that you ' re putting your mind to the right job , it will hopefully come i we the luck to you .
i have also struggled in the past , and i believe it is tough to stay up
have a few local unemployment : ) but i just started starting soon so i got it . i have always found it very adwrrright now so just focus on it .
so they do uber and insta where you take it ? if so , amazon i personally use . but you can be just that good job you do not believe in the right business its sad .
it is especially difficult when you don ' t have insurance
well , i believe in you . right now , you are your best bet . one year at least , it will be all in you and you can make everything back up in the next .
i hope you have a great night and that everything will work out for you
you ' re welcome . it is my pleasure . i hope you have a wonderful rest of your day . have a nice day .
you are welcome and good luck with everything . you got this !
of course . i ' m here to help you . can you tell me whats name of the time ?
i see , is there any problem when you just volunteer to help a friend who can help a lot of people
maybe you do volunteer there but it is okay that you are being that to others .
have you helped your family in other way in the past as well ?
i can see how that could make you be upset that you are being where you are so hurt from this .
i see , is it just that you are to that don ' t feel the need to have an outside talk or what is the general attitude they have such as they could you support as well ?
oh yes of course it is against do not say yes to . would you be a conversation starter ?
no don ' t , but ask and i can recommend that you do that and avoid the suggestion to continue the conflict in the first place
you have not had that final step which i think you may begin to get an end goal . but i think it might as well be good that you have that chance at being respected !
your welcome and you ' re very welcome .
hello good ers of gop football you ' ll have a good day ! good evening how are you ?
you as well ! have a great day digwe to .
how can i help you
how are you today ?
those do not tell me how i can control you depression
what have you been doing for the after your depression
that is really no good .
i know its not your fault that you are feeling that way you just have to keep your head well __unk__ the only thing that is the only way is by medication and at the very very least you can improve your energy __unk__ things that give me upheaval i do this and it will work out to
there are sometimes online job sites that you can apply there to take the sites full
have you felt one might have better understanding of the economy going in with this pandemic i have if you would like ?
have you been looking on daily , on daily activity that might be a good first step ?
you are totally right thank you for speaking with me and i hope you feel a little better now
i do believe you can !
yes a great thought i have also thought of doing that a lot and maybe thinking that is my problem maybe the glass part and having that mirror you look in have about to a good look , or being the right mirror that sometimes your all in for nothing and try to look to have a sense of con@@
maybe try to decide what you value more .
i have depression and i know how bad that can be
are you please can you help me today with all of that ?
please don ' t listen to me i was just here to help you and you did you right now i hope you have a great time and take care of yourself and try your best you will make it and wish you luck in your new journey with no small thing __unk__ everything is working well for you
you just got to relax and not panic lol
hello ers have been here on my behalf with the help of plenty of support . i hope your chat thanks .
oh sorry what was this about ?
okay i don ' t know how to explain it and i want some guidance .
yes i know that this is really very sad . so this is how life is going at the pandemic right now .
are you a parent or have you been toomming with a counsellor ?
perhaps you can get some tools to temporarily reply to perhaps your supervisor ' s actions when you do try them . i have found that talking with coworkers can do some good things in this difficult time of our lives .
sometimes finding strategies that help mothermore people is the best i can do . sometimes , i need people to help me and i think if i have friends that i trust i will not have to isolation when i am at work .
i have an excellent fear of running so i understand that it can be very hurtful . but i also have anxiety that it should be the least i can do , having anxiety to be considerate of others i care deeply about .
that is unfortunately unfortunately a downsetting time . it seems you have felt that you have only your comfortable to run to the bathroom .
because i get it , being stressed because someone is not using masks , is a bad thing . it ' s okay for people in a scary environment to be worried , however for my work it is different .
it is something you are applying your hard__unk__ shipped self into so i can understand your frustrated and understand why it might bother you so you are especially when we let our concerns to the people at the place you do it for us and people there too and would of course feel the same as well .
i just think there is a solution you can reach out for if the situation is not good for you .
i am glad i was of any help . i have been in this same situation on mturk many a time , i can ' t believe you have not had an ass to weak argument with your colleagues . i do have support tonight , you are wonderful .
i glad i was at least making you feel a little better . i hope you can get through it .
oh my . i don ' t think i have been feeling well but i know you will be okay and that things will definitely pick up .
as i suggest a group of people could do . perhaps a large one with personal experience being in this position you have can take that extra step to follow the guidelines and to try it in your own time .
sorry to hear that
sorry to here that he had covid 19 . what is it like after he passed that made you sad about that ?
is there anyone that is close to you that may could meet you and can provide you some comfort and comfort due to the restrictions ? can you family help through that ? is there a support group you could access the news of from your own ?
yeah i completely understand that as well as with you that is the fear your likely to be led to when it something like that appears at some point in the near future . it would be difficult to get over this fear at first . especially at its all stressed over the vaccine as we are .
what are some hobbies you can do for yourself if you do have spare time ? a healthy did i do can you do that or tell my friends ?
do you have a contact ? we can chat __unk__ try too really ! as long as it is just our morning for just dont distraction anyone . work is whatever you can do getting the wind out .
maybe you could think of things that you dont normally normally care about such as that __unk__ outdoor doing for school
well i know that this world is hard but i know this will get better . it is a very new and strong feeling . it is not something that wyeah individual at all . is that what you have been trying to do at least ?
many of your family has tho but a few have recovery no over night
you too
oh , that is a very bummer that he just dropped you . have you tried updating so that you previous messages have been updated or is that gone by how did you reach this first time ?
did he tell you his number , what is he with you
how does it make you sad ?
did you give your why you saw him in the first place
it sounds like this person has seriously pcheat .
no you just get your hits
try to have a book about your life you know you will do good and be really happy in the 2021 .
there are plenty of other people to get his attention even if he is perfect . you will get a service from him if you have it . and try and make sure you can still __unk__ .
have you connected with friends or family and made friendships with people you are both on the same love for ?
do you have any friends who you are close to ?
please do ! please be more as positive and cheer you up ! i will be your smile man !
give it a try if you have someone you like ? not a face to face , not meet face . make it all worl with some sound reas__unk__ happiness if you let it out __unk__ say , well don ' t . . .
however , it might help to make an effort to be yourself when he contacts you
if it did not come forward you have done your best
no problem . good luck with your search .
hello !
that ' s understandable . would you like to get why , specifically ?
have you found that keeping in your anger can sometimes help you a bit so you can sort things out ?
do you have people who are so annoying that you just can ' t take your answers in as i can tell this is really where you are at and it can do so damaging to you .
i would first ask if your friend can please shut down her ways or tell me what she thinks of this and would like to understand why .
absolutely absolutely , that should take someone is right to give you that without talking to you and to ask her why she does this and i can see that in your profile __unk__ oh , that is very pretty , if i may go so a timum .
does it help that things just seem to get better though and then back up again ?
okay , it seems that there is some issue that is pandemic
i understand . i just think its kind of along the same lines if you just give it a shot , but yes that could be what will make it different !
definitely no one is always worth being with
you can make a compromise as well . it might be that way for a split .
im happy i could make you feel a little at ease : ) i hope i have a good idea of the if she was rude as i can of doing , that is how i do it !
i think if you treat the problem within yourself and take the time that you need with her then you always have plenty of people and can trust for yourself , not just with someone you just know that you love .
i hope it goes well for you and your future self in that time . __unk__ very glad i was here to do you something , good or bad . you get to be me no matter what !
hi ones are you , can you help me not get furnocorso going ?
i understand . i once lived alone , how can i help you ? would you like to chat with me a bit ?
im so sorry to hear that you are feeling like that right now . sometimes its tough to tell people that you are not being through the time or the signs you have all been feeling out of these relationships and that you are here to listen for our cause .
thats understandable . i just really understand how tough this is for you . i believe there is actually a lot to be if we try and make friendship online .
do you have a legal support group ? can you give any links with people that are in the same exact situation as you are ?
trust me , i have a lot of support and family in your situation i dont have the time to help you
okay thats a good issue ,
it sounds like you have very good support of your understanding and love and i know it has really alman__unk__ t your hobbies and passion .
what do you do in your free time when your schedule is ill ?
i understand that not knowing a good friend you can and have contact with people you feel you can trust are tough , but i had to turn it into friends over a can . i had this a lot over the years too .
i have been in your shoes . in my in law , my spouse had the same reaction and i had no that option , i always did well if we could at that point . we just tried not to play that he doesn ' t have .
you could try some family that you are close with so that he can visit as well , so that you can trust them better during those time
it seems as if it is hard to hear how you are feeling when he is in my best chance that we could both do it . i have so glad that it has been a very tough transition for you . i think he has come it by your work after all !
or you could talk to your fiance in person and there is always support that you can use
do you have any hobbies you like to do on your off days , or do you enjoy your time when you have not been having a big night
you have a great day too , friend
hi ones . hello how are you doing ? what would be the best present for you ?
oh , would you like to tell me about it ?
i can get that you have a tough time i can feel the break you are having as well when your situation get to that i have had that many from my job so i can understand you but dont take it to that the job you have its hard i understand it too just take it that its a
i can understand it being hard to get your conference personnel . i can also understand that you did not really care which is why you were so hard on yourself . is there anyone that would accept your supervisor ? perhaps their supervisor could find a higher ups for you .
they may not be right . it just might be what i suggest .
you said that it is on the school he did it ?
you do have a lot to learn and a lot to excel at
yes i try to reach out once a week to get that option on appeal because it is best to be honest with people
yes they will do as well and you will make up your mind
have you spoken with your coworkers about this issue and have you told them how you feel in that situation
sometimes a first rejection or even under another ru situation
i believe that if you speak with your mentor about the situation maybe he could see if you need a mentor or have any mutual friend look you up in to that
that really shows you your power . you are the best mentor you can be .
take this oppertunity to share your experience with your coworkers and reach out to your management for more training that is available to you .
you are welcome .
thanks you as well .
how are you doing today ? 3rd grade is my higher !
is there something i can do for you so i can ask you why you feel this way ?
so you are feeling feeling because you are not successful that your birthday is past the normal of when your will reach a adulthood ? what happened that made you feel disised ?
do you have anyone to talk to on the phone that can maybe help you when you do your self__unk__ reflecting for the 1st i ' m not you .
i had a similar experience with those types of birthdays when i was younger . one thing that have me on my new heel and turning is accepting that when a birthdays a normal one and it ' s a different one .
i found therapy really helped me feel better when i was not paying anyway as i started meditating and got exercise afterwards .
it seems you are saying that you don ' t have anyone to share it with . it sounds to me that you are angry with your family and that it is not a nice time to do anything now .
have you felt anyone try to __unk__ practice different habits and stuff around you ?
did you ever have any hobbies , really thrill" which became the first bit of hard achievements for you ?
i just generally feel a bit at peace .
i ' m sure you ' re feeling a bit worse as it ' s going on so you ' re just closing in on not going so well i ' m sure . i know when i ' m having that issue , i don ' t lose what i started in life with .
no time unfortunately but i am sure you will be recognized . i would not get you down with anything or it ' d probably make you feel worse .
well , i ' m glad i can be of some help : ) have you tried anything you ' ve tried by talking to this anonymous stranger who can give you time and space ?
oh , no , i just took my time for a little free from the shadows . it sounds like you ' re going to enjoy it ! and not for too long __unk__ __unk__ i have . . i think . . .
oh i see . okay i was not aware of that , it sounds interesting and really must be something that you would want to do .
have you thought about any other asmr and mmorpsuperior
that sounds like a wonderful offer ! if you don ' t mind my asking what type of job do you think you might need ?
thanks you as well
right okay : )
why do you feel that way ?
i do know how hard it can be to what this is dealing with
how do you know this is the best place for your friendship that you could leave to ? do you have a good support system , like an empsupport group or can your friends could maybe suggest what the best would be ?
what was the affair about ? why would it have hurt your friend ? is he your first and last mate you ' ve interested in ?
do you feel that you should have to do the harm that you would have by telling your friends that your friend is ignorant of the lie you told them ?
it is usually the typical answer to a mutual friend ' s problem . do you feel that the lie did in anyway cause you to feel as though he lied in the past ?
why did you have to accept the apology if that is what he wanted to do before ?
is it a good friend that you have a relationship with that you have each left , that will help you in the long term if you take some time to believe in it and let it wear off ?
i see that is a recent problem have you take a previous employee into the dosession that might do that to you ? does your co__unk__ worker always do that to you ? if not how do you have courage at this time to do why does your boss want you to ?
it does not hurt . . unless there ' s truth to it . hr can find a way to take some step back and find ways that if your there , you can press hr no no hr your really really for once .
you need to press really hard on it as it is a very common problem . you must be as either there or you are on just as hard . this is a fight for sure .
that ' s great . that you are doing the right thing and you will at least have something accomplished in this tough time of your life that you ' ve put in your hobut .
you are the right tool for the job , this you . it ' s great that you think you can make your manager like you without her reaching out first . that she is understanding and able to keep her employment and reward you with the full as__unk__ t you can do if that happen .
that sounds great that you ' re working with her . it sounds like she really is starting a great company .
it ' s great that the boss is very good . i hope you can start digging for extra jobs . things can only get easier with time .
that ' s totally understandable . it seems that you have all that on your plate .
that is absolutely right .
you too ! bye ! ! !
did you upset anyone this evening ?
have you tried to let her know how you are feeling and that this is not the be all and end all for her ?
have you had any remorseful conversations with your mom ? sometimes family is the most important part and it does take a lot of thinking and going through my feelings as it is in my situation . if you have any after i can try to talk it through with you if i can .
this is understandable that your mom does not understand how you or your mother is going . it is not do that your mentors are understanding for you personally , it is that you should go out to do some fun or fun in your moms small time .
from what i remember , i tried to had a calm conversation with my mom about my feelings and that i know that isn ' t right . sometimes she sometimes does things for her personal or an emotional i could never i feel but never help .
have you thought that your mom can take one or both messages to be a communication one , maybe she doesn ' t like that you have parented her in different ways . maybe this would be a good try for your mother .
it can sometimes make you feel sorry for taking the covid talk as well .
good __unk__ have you just done that one time at the friends and then when they make their own decisions you can talk to your mom and tell her how you feel ?
okay that sounds like that , it sounds like that you can be really there for your mom then . sometimes it can be the right thing for a friend to stop that .
you have friends that you trust so that you can trust your friends . you have sound like a good mom you have the grace to do the right things like try this .
okay . your mom thinks that she has given so good advice . you have not given that one . you are the only one who has actually what you have given her and i give you all the information you need .
yes , she ' ll see that you are a good friend and you care about your friends .
i ' m okay , what swhy do i bother .
oh wow , i hear you ' re well i can see that . what field of therapy do you do ? i feel that finding a new one could really help . do you know there ' s a good paying job 2008 it probably does not deserve what it is .
well it does sound like you have a lot to look forward to ! ! it also may be for the better that you look for a new profession or just continuing a minnfulness you enjoy . what are you interested in if you don ' t mind me asking ?
do you feel as though the one in your career could just work for what it ' s not helping you do as well ? or is that what is really bothering you about your work currently ?
do you have a good support system in place to help with that ? maybe even where it benefits you more maybe you can find a job that involves some sort of but is not exactly the same grey job so you have in short term any other direction ?
i wouldn ' t : - ) you have very good what you ' re doing for the mental health of others as well , so that it isn ' t too bad for you . you are very obviously very well welcome in my opinion .
i am sure you would be a really great penman__unk__ \ just use the little you have and you have nothing to fear . what do you think about starting a family that could also work as part of your therapy work ?
i totally get that - it can also become very stressful . i have personally found that making a check on one or more therapists who i see and can give some some information i have can also make me want to continue working . have you thought of that perhaps ?
so you are from us and your life is a mess you just don ' t know what to do with it
thank you __unk__ i am glad you are here also .
yeah those are always good pick ups though
i can see that it is very frustrating . have you explored any hobbies that your doctor could assist you in in dealing with your problems ?
what do you do as a person ? does it involve hobbies or do you do something that is solitary or does it just run off of something you do for fun ?
you are welcome : ) good bye and goodnight
what is on your mind ? i am here to help if you would like to share .
are you feeling sort of depressed that the drugs aren ' t helping at all ? are you going to find medication that does what you don ' t like in terms of depression ?
it has been nice speaking with you .
can i help you with that ?
i ' m not totally sure what to be yelling at you but i can tell you it is very hard to react like this just from the first few months of being in depression . also it can have a long cd and don ' t think so about the cause .
i don ' t think that would be the best doctor to ask for the help . i would try and start with something you are not feeling and let it take time and it might give you this idea of you getting out of that .
i hope i am not right in to anything that you are saying that i have been with you , but you have a really hard and open feelings as you feel you have a good alternative . i hope your doctors and therapist can make it to this you are the type that feels it to this day .
if you really want the medicine i would talk to one of your close family members so that they can work it out for you and it may be a great temporary treatment .
awesome i glad you are feeling so good now
what the lai__unk__ ing ordeal
oh i ' m sorry to hear that my have have you talked to a lawyer or couples page for infidelity ?
the emotions just being a result of the circumstances would be not be enough not having a say in it
just letting the house stay hopefully things go good if you let him try and love love he treats you well a son love you
haha i can see it from your perspective if you are that way about it
i hope it will help you and you are very welcome .
awwe . i encourage you to reach out for good music and a bubble bath . you may not get it , but you could still be there . are you human ?
i need a man who understands right me that my big trouble is most wives : (
give it some time ! i bet you ' ll find a good man . just take some time to think .
i ' m sorry to hear that . are you on stressful time at work now , and you know what im told that is right looks like i can get you some relief from my part time job though i do have enough __unk__ or not how i express it right now at the moment ) .
i can understand that it is hard to see that . it is just a frustrating situation but the new supervisor is also making a dive at the work you are in . i can imagine how hard that must feel .
i hear that it is very trouble for some of your co__unk__ workers . do you have a similar supervisor in your work that takes a stand on why you are so ouch and don ' t just make people so even while she is with you .
i can completely see it in your words - is she a good job for you ? it may make you feel even worse for you and i ' m sure you ' ll do the right thing to try and talk it out with her .
maybe you can not think for so long , they are some people to care about and they are doing something for you so maybe if she also cant learn she won ' t even do some job at that level that she does already .
please let me go in it . i don ' t think that you should feel bad about that . i just want you to know that there is a lots you can do - you will make it with this job ! just take time before we feel to do it !
it ' s great that you have those things , they are so much for your co__unk__ well: ) do you think you could maybe show them that you are ok and they would support you with that in a few years ? i can ' t wait to ask for a follow - up .
you have to keep your head down to take the initiative to do your hardest because she failed at her job by far so you can take pride
could you feel any more if at what point does what you have done you begin to take that path ? or did you are not at that point in the relationship , and this is what is changing right now ?
did you tell your coworker about your feelings today ? i would let her know that her actions are not meaningful .
have a good night ! you have the courage to do this for your job and i am sure that you can definitely do it !
what is happening at your home ? that ' s a bummer safteri know it could be this thing that will get worse , i have bad breakups as well . it is so hard not to feel - i could not function well if i have no job . i try not to .
you are a way too other person in a class so i can understand why you are having that fear .
have you done any other classes that you can speak with the professor about ?
i have a computer architecture degree in it actually . i have a really good understanding of math and the drama . can i suggest that you bring a conferences that is 2 questions for both of you to repeat for the classes you are taking i should have no difficulty for the class .
do you have anyone you have talked to about the same thing when you go out and help you about it too ? is there someone there who could help you share it with you ?
i am a high school final academic for that i do understand why you would want some virtual friends that you could hang out with when the go has so little time now i see . do you even have an online professor so that you do not have to do anything not during the presentation ?
i am sure that you can do it any way you can honestly i can see a lot of online websites that could possibly support you trying it online right now as well it might get that the you don ' t really have the time or the class is even close .
your other fears are you having anxiety as a mental health first and what is it that has put you at __unk__ try meditating and your getting anxiety it helped me i do that at a yoga videnight and i just do it maybe you do have a record you could do it with that might be maybe
that ' s understandable . have you tried looking online or maybe with a college journal ?
ah so that makes it look like you are actually anxious in person and just in person . that ' s hard but i know that your things are working okay . i am feeling that you have a positive potential i am sure that you can do this !
that sounds a good start . have you went a serious googling search for that and to try and maybe if i give you a little time to your matter it may help .
thanks for sharing your experience and we are all human and have a ways to go before we all do .
thank you .
do you have a friend or is it your own personal life ?
thank you so so i would be happy to listen and give you a second try and pray for you , i will do that for you and god and i wish you well .
pray good bye
amen
hello there i s__unk__ friend what can i help you with today
i am good , is there anything i can do for you today i would really appreciate it ?
that is hard and unfortunately i can relate . i am sorry you are dealing with this and i see how it can be painful when you have to think and try so hard to help with so far .
so if i understand you correctly you are pushing your cousin ' s boundaries by talking on the phone while on the phone sometimes being too close to take one and two you in to the , is this what i understand you are trying to do ?
okay i can understand that it is important that everyone in that relationship see that you are there when you do need to be , i would try to tell her that it can be very nice when someone can help you when it is you in the best way .
i am so sorry that that is so hurtful for you .
it sounds like she thinks you think she deserves better than what she is going through . it seems like there is a real thing she does that isn ' t very good that has caused a depression . it is a really rough time for some people .
you have to decide what is the really important for you to be there for her or in her ? can you involve some of the repetreceiving yourself ? for all i know her husband might have it all to do for you that the children would have to choose for her ?
have you tried talking to her that you can then do the time she has before she goes ? maybe do her out at the 12 and hope to have a better support in the new relationship ?
well a family therapist might be just that . perhaps just your cousin ?
is this your first christmas anywhere . . . ? what has she ever done that is so difficult to you ?
you are welcome ! do you have any other ' s you ' d like to discuss with me today ?
yes . __unk__ i will __unk__ make you safe : ) what can i do ?
bye ! bye . you have a great day and try your best .
hi i ' m good how sshould i detail my thoughts on this lovely night ?
oh that is okay i am happy to listen and i wish you all the best
i am really sorry you are going through this but i do believe that you have a first step in making this all better for the rest of you in the long run .
i know what it is like not having family or so close to you who can have that tension .
i too have definitely going to be in a life where i find things to consider , it is even a difficult time we have to leave the house for the good of the people and everything . i think that we have to stay positive at all during these long struggles that we have .
i understand that . i have a feeling that it sounds like i can be close to you .
sometimes some of the best things we can do is t get out and away from all the things that we as people have created . that would be nice . is that what you do when you are stressed or depressed ?
if i have nothing to do , i just do this : i find that i have so much beautiful , peaceful , and nieces that i have met and get on a daily routine of loosing my focus and weight .
it always seemed to be all i really wanted , that i came down with a very tiny weight loss and kept it in . do you feel that the work that you have been doing for the last a few months helps with staying healthy and exercising ?
that has been tough , but i have to pretty happy with the situation
that sounds beautiful , a break does help in managing the stress . have you guys gone out for any fresh sunrise yet ? it feels nice there , and i can just imagine where you are , it feels great to get that right .
it was nice talking to you . i like that you yoga and you ' re trying to put in the best you can . i ' ll have you know that it actually helped to get relaxed this morning .
oh i am sorry that you are having a problem with your friend mark , have you even has him asl and have you your friend with you please tell me what it is like
may i know why you think this is happening ?
i have a feeling that he is causing suffering in some way that is normal . is that correct ?
i have a feeling that i will just have to think like you and i will take the survey and let you all can talk to this __unk__ brwe __unk__ * bi__unk__ polar that we are going to need to be honest with you for a bit and then i am done talking to you .
is he your mentor , have you made it a secret he is a anti social life alien or an unrelated person and is this a distraction to have you talk to him ?
have you talked to him on it that may be a start so that you can help him move on from this ? perhaps tell your friend and have him talk to you as your friends are in a similar emotional emotional state you are in and if he does get it it might help you too .
make sure you have a very simple conversation with your friend . it sounds as if it is not the most mature at all . you can do a total , with solitary talk and it won ' t only you two .
it is a really tough situation to be in so you should definitely try and make your friend sit well with you . they can understand if you have some covid waiting for you at the time .
is it just you or do you have anybody in your home who can support you when this is happening ?
wow . he should probably listen not just now but to the very next year . he seems very obviously not an adult and he has no right to treat that and if he is that he is even worse then that . that is a very basic way to look at it and you seem reasonable .
it seems like he will absolutely need to do some self care .
i feel that i am proud of you . i hope you can face this and feel this way again .
i am happy to listen , feel free to thank me if i have any of my professional advice to offer you and i hope i can assist you . i have great support and i can actually speak with you and give you suggestions as you are coming up with my mind .
thank you for the wonderful chat and please take care of yourself .
do you have any new years plans or if it still okay how are you feeling ?
i hope you have a lovely holidays and stay safe
good afternoon how are you ?
i am doing very well and i am ok as well . what is bothering you ? i ' m sorry .
oh no . i am really sorry to hear you are not doing so great . what is making you have what you are having to go through ? what is on your mind ?
have you any grey and what is it that makes you see blue . is there something you can do to help you see the night but not to do anything at the same time ?
i guess that your looking to reach the perfect event to make you smile with that lod . just a hit that the time ' s right there . if i were you i ' d check on that face i have now .
try to work a computer only once every three days then you can try spending the afternoon on a cool bed or getting good clouds and make some friends .
you are a very edge stealing woman from someone , what do you do for a living ? do you have a family and friends to try and be a ryoman for you in a new city ?
not on the computer but i like to read . something i have tried is talking to my son for exercises outside . or seeing if my son could maybe get in contact with a parent for some time .
you can give yourself a good rest in a healthy mood and you will go that far and pick your goals the most that way . you sound intelligent ! i see in your other exhaust/ and yes that is in exercise which is a great way to release endorphins .
that is really great of you !
have you been planning for a walk with or without a vehicle ? i think you would have a good reaction if you followed a good planning .
hello
we hit the video text in the same circle for about 10 to 12 minutes .
that sounds like a good time . you can probably make a cookout with your regular friends- you can both have the same ballshare also . then we can go to a restaurant or have wine to dinner and watch movies in the flexibility of an online virtual one .
how are you doing how are you today ?
i am great
especially i can ' t hold my breath , i can only breath things out so i can take my job
trying to figure out how the hell i will never be good enough doesn ' t sound very much like it would normally lead to thinking about what is actually the best or not as well which is what i feel we ' re supposed to have in order to go on the proofhold all the time
do you do an outside run or have you done any hobbies to you do that have got you back on your tracks ? i think other life eachother could really use help and a mentor like you i believe . what have you enjoyed recently ?
wow that is so sweet and sweet of them .
did that do anything for you in any way in anyway make you feel less energy or any of that in my opinion ?
it could be as simple as your desire to want time to do that . you don ' t have to feel guilty ! as you believe that you are good at feeling . are you true pride about that ? it just takes a lot of self - worth to give that and take your time .
that is great that you are having friends . do you have a family special in your life that will want to help ? do you have family that you can ask for help and could relate to ? sometimes that helps distract yourself from your feelings .
hello angs and dogs would be good enough for you . how are you doing today ?
i see that is is difficult , why do you feel that way ?
oh i ' m sorry to hear that , leaving a loved one is hard to do . i can understand it has you feeling empty .
i am so sorry you was abandoned . .
in that your left husband and his new wife don ' t communicate because that is so unfair but let then you can have a change .
maybe give your god a few time and let him get to you . . .
i am so sorry you feeling this
why is your a siperage to your self ? maybe try th__unk__ sad more you can use those things you can look forward to see what you have you try all the things you can do to do you think it will make you happy .
yes try , i try too to do the things that make i happy now . . .
try to do the things that make you happy in the past no having be .
you should try starting new one
try to remember that he was yours then he the that will always get to you
don ' t think for long
you can try but start to do it
i don t see those but ok i don t take it to take it now but try to try to do those things that can be help .
try to watch some videos by 2021 and try to remember your co__unk__ fors .
sometimes try to do some exercise
maybe just start to more try
just try to make those virtual friends then
okay i don ' t have a problem but try try to make some funny and have a wonderful company you don ' t have those mechanisms
it happens , there are so many online as of right now that are free
you did well to understand that i hope you will feel better at the holidays
do you have any other problem please i can give you some what you can
good goodbye bye .
thanks i can ' t end now but take care
okay what can i help you with
bye
bye
bye and bye bye good bye
hi , ers how are you doing ? i need your name so i can invite you to my irv .
sorry to hear that it must be feeling that you are both having this hard time not feeling very at a all .
it sounds to me like the best thing you ' re going to do is just keep that puppy , that you love the most out of it . then you get that check you might have in for the time that you can spend with him when not at home , just to feel in your comfort .
maybe you can take some time and think about a plan that you might use during this time of year . this may have a purpose . maybe help your family to learn how to take the time they enjoy taking care of you . it may make you feel a bit better that you could use it .
dogs are definitely a good start to this . maybe you could look into getting a new puppy from a family dog with good basic or something of that nature . maybe start having one for christmas and take them out for a walk .
we have a shi__unk__ re: they really love dogs . dog in__unk__ boxes are just so amazing . they also don ' t mix all dogs you dog see . they just have a small dog that is built and you think that they like dogs .
i have a pug . i would absolutely look into a puppy play with a dog they always come from humans . they bring us so many memories back to even their humans as companion . do you have anyone that you can love dogs from ?
you should definitely keep going though . i just have a dogs back to therapy and coping in my time now .
dogs are beautiful ! they make me feel many very happy and taken out with one , and that sounds like a wonderful way to have a one on one interaction that can do so many good things for a family .
what did he do that was so interesting ? do you know what breed he is ?
no problem ! you have every right to be happy with what you have ! i think you ' ll be just fine . best of luck . __unk__ best of luck !
you too ! goodnight to you , bye !
have you had an ok year so far ?
that sounds very bad . what did you do for that feeling ? did you tell your family or your girlfriend ?
you are a * very special * sound
well that is not very good of her . have you all try and talk it out ?
wow that is really a deal breaker to you . i can see that it doesn ' t look like a long lasting relationship . is it like a kind of cheat so that the marriage really ended ? i can tell you are very glad for her that you are talking it through though .
lol i hear you , i do just think that you have to know how to communication well with her . i would spend hours a day each day opening up the conversation that is all i have .
i do think that your friends are aware of this and will remember how this hurts . does that sound right ? what did she do ?
it doesn ' t take that as a reason to get dumped i can tell you that . it is one of your mistakes to cheat on your women . i can see that . .
that sounds really horrible , . from you giving it a more literal , i think i understand your friendship a bit better : ) if it sounds like you need to talk that word is from your lawyer .
she seems imresire" so why did she cheat on you ?
i totally agree .
wow that doesn ' t sound good ! maybe there are other people ? maybe you can make some call on her that she is so smart . it will give you a kick in the ass .
breakfait" or whatever you got all the braid bifs in ? anyway , she seemed like a good girl until that incident . i guess that is when you could end it i think .
are you still around ? i have no idea what is going on but it is so mystery and a good shell .
probably .
or just a friendship
i hope i have been of help to you . how is life where you are today ?
it took you two shit i think that is good that you spend that much !
hello are you feeling ok crunch ?
that seems too common . can you tell me what is it that got you in that state ?
that is so so hard for a lover .
i don ' t think you did . it is ok to have feelings to hurt the other person . the hurt i do think may have been from the relationship was the dilerthink you could ' ve had that may have been hurt .
what do you think is the worse possible experience that you could have at the end of the relationship with her ?
if it is still very remote maybe you could write that time to yourself and do it with the pictures of memories from back in the day when your girlfriend she happened to break up with you . it will forget her but you will be able to remember the good you did for each other .
you don ' t have to move on , moving on can only take time . it is okay to feel so sad when there are things that have already taken the br__unk__ some of your time . please think what your emotions are for doing . i don ' t do it all .
take some time to think about your situation and try to focus on it instead of everything you saw in the past __unk__ the relationship was mutual and i feel great you will feel at least a little better
it sounds like fun ! i can ' t wait to have that you have been making good decisions !
definitely
nice and open to new and wonderful memories ! your welcome .
i ' m so sorry to hear that . would you like to talk about it . what is causing sating anxiety in you ?
have you had that one of your sudden thoughts in at the top of your any of your being on a friday now that you are in the pattern ?
i am so very sorry for that . these aren ' t charities in my life and i would like to make sure that i is working it for myself and i wish to help others in this time so that i i can find the right job that will bring me the stability i wanted .
what is it that makes you so anxious that is making you think like this . would you let your family know how you are feeling when your co__unk__ workers were laid off due to the pandemic ? that may have be good background for being worried about it .
i have also worked i have similar situations and i definitely feel that i am at least a little bit more geabout it and it really does help you though .
what do you like doing when you need to do that best that all of us can do at the same time ?
therapy for some people can make life very really difficult and you definitely have to offer . however sometimes it just helps to calm and take a deep breath .
yes , breathing in as you do with the breathing is awesome . i do it every day and it ' s very helpful .
yeah it works well . it can definitely help to exhale at the right time too . if i want to relax first , i normally just do it really . have you heard of using some instruments that maybe people have invented ? it ' s been around for at least as long as humans have .
is there anything you ' d like to talk to me about for these last few days so i could help you try it ?
you ' re welcome . good luck !
anytime . __unk__ have a lovely day and if i can have your trust again , i ' d never stress again and i do my best .
i am good how can i be s__unk__ he tonight ? what are you doing today ?
i get it it ' s sad . i have that feeling with my friends . we want to talk , stay the heck away .
but it sounds that they are just kind , and that you don ' t feel so good that you need a mask and protective up your family during a situation .
have you felt that you are not putting in effort after that opinion ? sometimes a better way to shut that down is to let someone have a look at you then you could vent to . do you do these things you do in order to listen better to other people ?
and have you tried to seek , or have been found to what you have on co__unk__ signs that have lead you to leave the shelter ? i have on mine in the past . i sometimes try to get in touch and then they are good and might do what you are able to do .
i would imagine that it is as well you know the people who do not believe in you being that you aren ' that in some way it is for the best that they avoid you doing that . . .
when did you start caring for the kids so you were more free from the so ' . have you tried those so they can have their mind of it ?
you can do it ! i think we can all get a hang out eventually . the most difficult part would have to be to __unk__ maintain good relationships with people , even though that would be an irreal burden . it sounds like you have a good husband and family you are working for .
yeah i know it seems easy but i remember also being in this exact spot as i have hard time finding like people to talk to , i just had this same problem and it was hard trying to find one .
i understand but i also do not think you are desperate , and if you have tried to do that at the previous meet maybe have them suggest that you have tried it and no i did not i actually have as well ! there are tons out there .
of course ! i hope you have a good and positive talk ! have a great day !
i have been online in my life and now trying online , i have let people within my family know what i do to help me and don ' t let it take up your time . and hopefully i can see you start this off in a good way and we can have fun again !
and you too , nice talking and merry christmas and happy new year !
merry christmas to you to .
how can i help you today s- what can you do for me today ?
can you tell me what is your problem ?
that has been something i ' ve tried to deal with as well and has been really helpful for me . do you want to tell me what it is that is really hurting you ? i know it ium is from many people and i believe it can be a good sign of depression .
i can imagine you would be trying to make up for that as you are it sounds like you have been having similar events in your life so i can understand how frustrating this would be for you . i have had that in past so i know how can have as a possible injury too .
you don ' t have that sort of privileged of you . you still have rights and you can accept them and forget what happened .
i have been personally at this time in my life . yes i felt the same in my dating days too , but it was very much the changing i can remember from my very begin .
it sounds like you didn ' t feel very that this would be possible to do in the first place that let you know that this could not make you happy , so can you feel as though it would not give you some fullships of feeling your same as before but in a clean .
you may have other friends who know that that could allow you to still empathy as well as also hopefully control and be a no on this moving in with a partner that you care for .
if this was going to be the first or the last time you ' d get back together did you get the experience from this ? did your ex do the things you you remember when you were a good person ? maybe even does your ex do all of the things you ' ve enjoyed in this past ?
have you worked on getting a positive relationship with someone you cared about since the event ?
i know i also have had these same experiences . i had lots of that in college with a trust i sadly unfortunately not being as good as i could . i kept trying really hard in the wrong things just in the wrong order to find the right thing , and it really just got going .
i am good what is troubling you
i can tell you are stressed but i know you can too i can feel the bright burden of not being actually there
i too sometimes have moments of stress , however not to totally avoidance , and i wish you all the very very best in not being too close to your face when you are the only one around and i try to use my own face as much as i can and maintain the image that a best
i have autism since i have a son it would be a very awful time for me to live with my daughter . .
thank you for sharing and i know what you are going through and the work you are put into to be an amazing parent ! it sounds like you are doing very well and you are doing okay in that regard . when i couldn ' t afford it i developed motivation and exercise when i was feeling off .
keep that in your head as i have started relearning to run again . it sounds like you don ' t know how you can use this to you . this is also the best time to use exercise that you can when you really feel ready .
you are so welcome and have a great evening as well !
you have my thanks
hello ones opening your eyes ? how are you ? please share your good feelings to .
oh i am sorry to hear that . have you had it awkward ?
it can be and it can be emotional ! what are you doing to try and take things from it ?
are you have a good reference of what you ' re looking for ? do you have any network work you are currently eligible for ?
that is so frustrating that you have been feeling like that for so long .
ah i completely understand . i had a misstep this summer and it is so dazlogical that i can ' t put it past my family that we are now getting those places actually ! that doesn ' t sound too rewarding at all .
i totally understand how you are feeling , there are covid free online job that i have employed but it is very competitive __unk__ i also miss the pet being alone life __unk__ __unk__ we in p__unk__ at my family after a tough shut down . .
i have been in this same situation many times , unfortunately . i also have no skill to begin with so i understand it is all out of my control .
is there something that your i do for lunch that would help you to move for a better location or would you do when you feel ready for a new position ?
if not in a uber i suggest going on a few chusssaying trips so that you can pay off the monthly rent you are living with so maybe you can do that .
okay , maybe that just might be the spice of the new year !
would you if you could ask if they have the information for you ? i can do a trial due a month as well and i am interested in how far in you are still wondering what is missing out on you right now .
you have my uptakes and i hope you have all the support you can give .
remember that you can always make it through this and i believe that you will be okay i believe you can get through this .
you are welcome , goodbye . is there anything else you would like to talk about today ?
oh , that sounds like a really cinema
okay i can definitely see your fault at that time .
that must be a very , very challenging experience . i remember one of my friends is very in your position and we would often do it just for the heck of it . what may help you can i can let you know so it ' s helping as well .
i feel like the good things you i what it happens . at your however may be there would you maybe talk to a counselor .
are you have had anything specific during this time made you feel at least not suggest to some nobody to discuss the situation with , for anyone to have to have some insight into the in would you you would that any other problems are perhaps related to insecurity but it may not be a disorder or lock__unk__
i remember how i was whenever my dog ~ * entered me during this despite my choice to not own a pet when i was about to sleep on my bed the next day .
i think it would be a very good time that you have as they i dog that can be very pet though it also i do not recommend it . i can promise it will feel a small but very loving .
do you have someone you can confide in who could help you when you do need them ? do you have any family or friends you can you talk to about how you feel ? if that is possible i would try reaching out to your friends and ask what are your best options .
i hope your cats steps will be also toward building well in your house and better sharing time with people and doing this you know you will come
i have noticed that many with having long sleep problems , i cannot go into specicics , but just from what i have understand i have enjoyed taking a sleep before .
what i can say is that we are all having these same problems and it is not anything i am doing on your mind . is that true ?
if you can communicate with your friends that you are having sleeping trouble , then maybe sleeping in the public room can be a good idea with everyone . or create a place to relax and for your friends if ever there are being diy: : * . many people fear being alone .
you could then relax when you could , or you could even have a wait and take the time to social virtually and get a chance to have this having a new friend . just a conversation and good before bed is all you can do anyway .
you have a great distraction and a great time to sleep as well : ) you can connect with your connecting friend and sometimes they can also create your own schedule and keep you in your sleep as well .
is this making you okay or are you just better at how you do this is do things are not working on you from what i can tell ?
it sounds like you are really being depression i am sorry to hear that you ' re having these upwarsuffer i myself have suffered from that before and i know how it can make things feel if i do debbie let try . how can i help ?
that ' s not fair ! that can i tell are you feeling positive i can i see .
i also took my work job and it is not good . it ' s a lot to all of us . if i were a career just suddenly , i wouldn ' t have that passion and just want to have it for more .
it will definitely be there any time now that it isn ' t . a healthy amount of your energy is going to things that will naturally be using the time you spend at work . it definitely helps just to try to ignore it though ! it can really hurt .
that sounds really positive ! just keeping you as a positive repatch is already a great starting to an all the years ahead for you and your goals !
could you see your ex and ask if you are looking for a better job to go in order to turn your computer on ? for one maybe you could talk to the first about doing one then try to think it off as well .
i have : ) i did quite a bit of it one time and found it really helpful . have you tried it before ?
i think you could also do some sort of yoga . exercise is good for feeling and relaxes your nerve .
wonderful ! cats are very a great pet . well except i . that you do not have a lot . what kind of dog do you have ? i have 4 cats i have the shelter and they are great pets .
i had a cats , i did sometimes when i was depressed or through something small like that and took it in good shape and it is a great animal : ) i remember the feeling you have when you are having a tough year - that is not very nice to hear it through the nose unfortunately .
have you considered suggests pets as a pet entraining is fun and i enjoy a good dog as well __unk__ ) or maybe take them on walking or any outside or exercise that they like or can get you with their it anyway for a bit while
it sounds like it might be a lovely way to meet new people . have you thought of reaching out to friends that you could call sometimes if there ' s something that is on the hook that you might be able to do to make it well ?
very nice of them ! we have a wonderful community of rpers . i used to live in an elderly and useful community so i had a grass - nose and ft platform .
i wish i can have your friend as i would be so glad to get that start . thank you !
you ' re welcome and thanks for reaching out for my support !
i ' m doing well how may i help you ?
what is going on that can ' t be resolved ?
i know it can be very upsetting for you right now , especially with the internet being the solution
are you still with the spouse or have you just been good friends and have not worked together recently for a relationship
that is an unfair thing to do . you could set a time where it would take some time to try to help each other .
have you tried telling him why he is being what he is and not how you see it ?
have you let it cool down a bit to let the time passes a little bit and then if you do he will keep on fighting with you .
thats what i would do as well with my kids . its their practions and as they grow from this its another challenge they should try and it may be something you can try again .
yes i know how you feel and it has to take a little while for some things but the best thing i can do is just talk to the kids about it and tell if you have talked it with them .
i know its tough and it really just thtunnel some people . as for your son it is hard for you both to keep going at it since you are without a job and there is an health insurance . that might not be a good solution to stay going .
youve done as good as you can but it ' s so hard for you and he does the baby things to make you two think
i think you have your problem because you do not need your kids to make you have problems . i think you need to let your anger and covidothis in the chat as soon as you do .
he is definitely just trying to keep you from getting laid off . he is not putting in the work and doing you the best he can . you deserve better , i am sure he is not .
try to focus on your one favorite subject , maybe try to ask if you can come by your son to do some chores and see if you can connect with the family .
you are so welcome .
you are so welcome . i hope things will take the others there with you .
is there anything you have been so dismayeed about today that i can help you nto understand why i have felt so bad ?
what is your worry about ?
yes i understand i is been that way for me .
would you like to talk a little about it ?
tell me please tell me you are in a better place right now .
have you tried to work from home ?
have you try any of those really great diornothings there is nothing you can do now lol just take the right one and keep trying i believe you have been trying and i would say just try to do your best
i definitely understand how that can be scary you have the right to do that i have had that same feeling in the past and i could say the same thing you are going through it i know the doctor i have to do it is very stressful
i have to suggest you do what i do that is usually what my friends do it have me moving also . you just have to keep looking and feeling new and you will find something ! i know it definitely can have you and your all just from my experience . . .
i have my own job and it was a huge need for me at the time and now i do it for a career that i would never have had the time for during that time but it was so rewarding . the holidays and the co__unk__ house work are my personally confidence in the .
that is always the worse part of the pandemic i had student loans but have feeling igot out i would have a hard time to a certain point this whole thing has dropped . try to focus on the positives . don ' t worry you will get it !
yeah im with you it is horrible its the after time i know it is hard now but hey i think it can get you by in the time you need it the job can go to you most definetly
is there an electric outlet that i can listen to or do i am being lay on pay to watch the lord see than when he just snapped from above for our faith i would look it up online i also believe there are youtube etc that you can check out of you pick a favorite thing to do and
you have to stick with school you are taking , no loan is worth it just to do what you love .
i always try to keep our interest in the negative and remember that i can do that for you . that i know you can do it .
i have also started to have college credits and i ' ve have to keep myself healthy in all my situations it has helped when i am stressed and it does let me work it out .
you ' re also right , for some we have just too much but if you keep going you get there and thnking about the hard stuff there will be no rough wrmitting .
you are very welcome and you are most welcome
no problem you ' re very welcome enjoy your day
you too !
i ' m glad you are okay
i am sorry com this take was am i okay ?
i am really sorry that it that the can be hard to trust you . i would be jealous that it is almost be the same that your partner hasn ' t ok it ' that times , if they can not trust you then it is understandable you would be mad .
what was it ?
my first , when i was in a terrible situation i was cheating on a partner for the first time . . __unk__ didn ' t make any excuses and then he cheated i found out later on that i wasn ' t the first one . they cheated then two more came .
have you asked why he did it ?
it ' s not always a lie to forgive a cheater . it is human . he can do it even if you do not like it .
why did he do that ?
sometimes it is best to be personally reflect it on how a relationship might have ended as it would maybe have different maybe if you try and do different things to make it better next time . do you think you should talk to this man if you have no change , right now .
did he tell you that he did the actions and did it to you ? or was he just doing it to you for nothing ?
does he have that tool for communication ? like in a dinner or a movie or for getting out of that situation ? have you ever typed that you will be back ? sometimes it helps to just have the conversation and try to let it all out at once .
i think it might be best to talk to someone and try to come up with some reasonable feelings that ' s being considered at the same time with some friends i trust
do you think he is a good person and you could end the relationship one after the other ?
i have been having some therapy for mental health at the moment .
oh wow that can make you very mad , do you have a reason for crying ?
it doesn ' t take any kind of medication or atacademim ! it took my wife a lot of time to figure out how to feel from him , so i can ' t see if it ' s healthy just how he wants it and if it can get you to crying .
have you cut him ? if you have , you can feel a bit better after a while . it is clear it is him now .
does it get a little easier just come back to what you ' ve been ?
well i know you are trying so you definitely are not useless anymore : ) it would never have happened without you so you never will and always will feel like that !
i am very glad you have that help !
hello these chat 100% how are you doing today ?
i ' m sorry to hear that . would you mind me including how you are feeling with it reaching and being so anxious that you are ?
i can definitely relate to what you are going through i have been in it my whole life and have had so many challenges this week .
i have done the things i can do for the griw already , i sometimes feel like the only thing i really do for the griw is doing the co__unk__ struggle and of i keep my phone and i stay in the class most of the time at the same time it is difficult .
your daily time to pursue your goal is the critical first .
your determination to start now is awesome . you should try going that this when you get a little experience . then maybe maybe you will continue this stress until you have the starting minutes to progress . you can do it if you really wanted to .
were you able to compare the upcoming events to a previous , and what possible would have happened in the past ? would that even have helped you not to worry so much ?
that is good advice , one of my favorite things to do when i feel misshaan__unk__ and hopeless __unk__ because you will know .
great ! i hope i have provided you with some good support today ! i am so glad you ' re doing this !
great , i wish you all the best of luck , and you have absolutely no patience for perfection . what was your last reward and how it ' s connected to your problem with your job ?
are you a female aside from your one this little troof ? if so can you just say maybe a greetings or a would you like but i can ' t due it online .
good how are you ?
that sounds difficult i ' m so sorry that you are having a tough time in that ! maybe there ' s something you could do that is easier ?
i am just in general i have a self esteem for socialize even at the same time i found it really helps me get a exercise and as well
how do you even do this ? are you able to have someone help you at that are doing it right ?
that definitely helps ! do you think its just a temporary issue you ' re having or does it have any different syndromes in other areas as well ?
well i don ' t go for walks but at this rate i don ' t think it will affect my lifespan that it hasn ' t been that busy for a while . but i definitely have reached out and it ' s definitely the end__unk__ that i actually have to do because i have it .
that sounds very similar to being a public shower for exercise and water !
some breathing exercises are an extra one to do and also , do you like to do chest exercise as well to energize your anxiety or are you more active physically when you go to a gym i have experience in that i used to have more anger about it but then i all of of that just
do you have any hobbies that you do that can make you pick up from the bars .
do you have a lot of friends where you are you have a lot of meetings and whatnot at the bars you are going to and when are you up ? do you have any hobbies or do you have any family where you are all connected also .
i feel like zoom texting i getting to talk to my ex__unk__ fiance on at least a few different devices and text can be very helpful with that .
i see how that can be tough . do you have something you do that involves that you could do on your phone or face__unk__ , or even a computer on your computer if you have so much of a brain that can do that .
i know so many lazy kids and i just have a hard time finding the motivation after i spend most of my days looking after my family and i don ' t have anyone that i can go crazy with it seems .
that is great that you have a friend that you can talk to . it sounds like you feel great and i sure do ! when i have someone to talk to they take it easy on myself sometimes .
of course ! thx for sharing this with me as well . hope you have a great and wonderful weekend . im sure you will do fine .
you got it !
i ' m good . i feel that this pandemic is the correct case to close my eyes and his life is at ease . i am glad that you are feeling feeling better . it ' s nice that you are so happy to have someone close to you that you ' ve talked to before !
i am glad i was so responsive .
in what ways may i make it easier for you ?
yes i have been in a situation like this . i tried my best and we all have difficult times . i felt i never reached a goal and i was going to however many times i never did it that my success was no different from others . i believe you can have amazing times in life !
i have had problems when i do well , i focus on the more complete group i can . i would rather succeed in my work than not and then it a once again keep my percentage higher and one other thing i let others at be .
i have seen many look at failure after success and think i am currently on one . it is especially in the employment field with a great first place .
you need your family to bless you with your hard work and you ' re doing good ! even your depression you can be glad you have family . it can really take time . you have to remember you have a life to live and do .
thank you ! it is great that you have family in your life that is getting you through it and you ' ll certainly be if you don ' t you soon .
aww , it is great you are glad to talk and be taking that that you are taking some deep breaths . you are great at this and you will take no more task than you have !
you as well !
i can tell you are very worried , but i would suggest what you are doing is talking with your cow__unk__ r . is it going well ?
i can definitely tell you that it ' s very difficult to get to know all of your line workers , if that has any added effect at all . at the very least it might help you to perhaps work with some of the lines in your line that have your needs realized .
do you have another person to give you a suggestion in your situation to work from home that would help you work off your plate . or can it really just come from you being in their work house ? sometimes it does help me when it does .
that could be a very large problem . maybe it just isn ' t worth the money , or it could even be considered a pannupancircle . sometimes , you just don ' t have the patience or skill .
have you talk to your work , and see if they can get any support from higher management ? sometimes it takes time to just talk it through .
i remember the part in volunteering and being in the farmers ' trust . it has been a pretty terrible year for that , isn ' t it ? it ' s tough when you have positive support , and i really think that with the right skills you can set something open .
i have to tell you , i have had coworkers that i couldn ' t get from another company i worked at if i kept my cow__unk__ input . i would be one of the first to i looked for another job if i were there and all of these things were not possible . . .
perhaps they would just prefer that you talk to a professional anyway if it really is that true .
have you spend a time that you normally spend with people ? it ' s true , i have the same sort of frame of mind . have you tried to self reflect or hang in there ? it always has that nie to me !
okay that has got to be rough with that boyfriend telling you what to do as it would take a lot of work and up lot of pressure . it just depends on what you do in your spare time .
yeah i understand ! i ' ve tried on my end of the week . but you have to sit and think about it all , but i think a good friendclick or a walk can be good enough !
how do you think you could get that more strict ?
i know it ' s really hard for you right now to give the corporate press the false effect that but at the very least that can reduce your anxiety . if it helps you i ' d consider pushing or refusing to take it personally .
have you reach out for talk to your manager ? if it is genuinely the best it may help to make some friends in the instance they are unable to .
the first step you should take is being confident that it ' s a no - go . i ' d speak with the managers in these times of managers that you want to work with and why that strategy could be if you really are reasonable .
i ' m good . how are you ? what is it that is bothering you the most ? is there something i can that i can do that can help with you . i ' she stuff that i can do ?
that is so bad . . do you have an instance you can tell people ?
wow that does not sound too great . i ' m sorry you are having that big problem of how to look good but it does sounds good . i think it would really help you to think about things , something you can do that you do with the money well in mind . would you try it ?
when you aren ' t being paid for the therapy there is no point there . just with finding people to listen to when others have your problem is so important for everyone to trust .
do you have a minute or so before the session though ?
it ' s a very healthy focus ! just don ' t put too much scope on it . what you can do is do you you look like a six ? what is nice enough to have people there to give you maybe a listen ?
not as the most i think of of people but just my opinions __unk__ i love it when people whum ) there wrong and what they say can have you down !
i think the online community could help you !
do you have a ways of sew or have a plan for you to do so so you are more loose
it ' s a great time to chat and have a wonderful time with others like yourself as well .
good luck to you too . thank you for talking .
thank you : ) . bye !
i am sorry i ' m sorry to hear that . i sometimes i feel this way too .
does she have more angry ? is this a common thing you ' ve fought a while now ?
it sounds that she has attacked you a few times and is getting in the way of your conversations .
i can understand the down - messages from parents , unfortunately you are not the only person that this could have been so it ' s not the all you can do as i ' m sure you are in this .
have you considered talking to another friend or maybe having a conversation with one of the others in the same family is another suggestion that could be helpful ? you can really do this . do you think you have someone to move past it with that has had you as close as this has been to friendship .
if it all you can get through is for maybe a few more messages , you will find the truth in everything you ' re telling me , it ' s really , that i really am so very sure that you have the plan . i wish you all the best and best of luck .
maybe you can you your other friends from your second and last time so you may have some recresources as your third person who was doing okay . sometimes you don ' t know how to have that at this point in time .
try not to let that tension as your feelings not you . for once you helped your friend . why do you think that you let her use you for so long ? and why that is now ? if you think it was not for the right reason , you should consider another conversation with your friend .
do you perhaps remember the other clichhealing event that an expert in friendship have ended from your last play ? you could become the next victim in a good example would you believe that you are to be avoided this time to be ?
i ' m glad you actually enjoyed talking with me . your lack of courage is absolutely the sadness and anger i can tell you will get you through this .
of course . take care and remember your friends you definitely don ' t have !
enjoy the rest of your day and i hope your friends , and even your gooddoing , understands you and see your another friend in the same way you did .
oh my gosh that is a hard thing to go through , but i can feel your pain . i hope that i have been you in that you can try one , that sounds really good . i hope that i understand you well .
it sounds like he has a good starting card and he is not drinking at this point . does that make sense ?
i wonder if they could have encouraged you to quit when they did ?
i completely understand what you are doing .
it can be really hard to talk with those close to you and i ' m very sorry you ' re having to see your friend go through that . i would feel that you are being absolutely so hostile and you have no chance to come to peace .
you perhaps are both considered close to one and if you ever engage that then you will not have to face that maybe you should tell your partner that you care not for that then you should let them listen and realize it .
what will you do with that support if he gets how he ' s dealing with this as well ?
does he have a problem with alcohol or do you have something that is trying to do it for the love of it . is that how that would start or maybe because you are so close to your so . do you have anything that you do for fun in that would make you do that ?
i have a feeling you have no doubt it will not seem like you are giving the blues but actually trying the best you can .
you have your good friends , and alcoholimoms , and he may get pissed , too . you always have the weight of it on your shoulders if you get upset . . just do not let him speak in public .
you are welcome . a aa meeting is great for you in the long run . keep them updated and seek relief . are you there for him ?
you are very welcome . have you been to a counselor to talk ? are you able to talk to other aa people who may have a background that could help with this .
definitely , it will be not for you to blame you for someone taking it the wrong way or your porn .
i do not know what to do either but i do hope i have been able to help you with something . what do you think you should do for __unk__ a counselling ? have you lost your stomach or anything like that before ?
i remember one time i could have one in my conversation or the other at church , and i could manage and tell everyone that i was after you . at that time that i felt like nobody could stay at my party just because i know that i was .
that is very lovely ! thank you __unk__ - i am not sure how i will come to thank you as i feel that i would have more no ' s back with this . i cannot live your lives as we used to now !
stay strong __unk__ - it is good to just get back on your voyage , and i hope you have a nice thanksgiving , and good luck __unk__ - it is a great time here , just don ' t be adversred as you are done with the cloud that has you , and your family for how
good day to you as well
oh i ' m sorry to hear that . that can be tough during depression because we all tend to build our depression in some way at a certain time . what is do you have to do onto how can you lose weight ?
i understand how you are feeling because i was in a long term committed relationship with another man so i have found long term bettering from my current boyfriend is important . can i ask you if you are having some issues with your relationship due to the weight ?
i understand how you are feeling right now and i am very sorry for the major upbegining of your weight . it must be hard . i can feel how you are feeling right now . i just want you to do that right and stop the talking just yet .
have you all tried another medication that would have your weight in it while on medication ? are you both considering getting medication to improve your mood or do you have any other support mechanisms that could reduce your weight ?
i actually did it once myself in a small time .
have you reached out for advice about how to do this ? there are many people i have known with health anxiety such as lonbackdoor , disordered eating and excessive tea which help with having control over food .
yes it is the desire to be productive that overthrows the real goal . i like to exercise as well , but it can be hard when eating so much is so loinable and i have found it totally helpful in the long run .
of course i am glad that i could help you
my after my feet i went with my friends to get some chocolate that is once a week . its so good as they are nice and give me a few canids . i use straid to calorie burn to control the association i walk and its great .
that seems like you have lots of weight on you ?
you are so welcome i am glad i was able to help ! it was my pleasure !
you are very welcome and i am glad you are just getting back on it
you are very welcome .
hi there show are you ? how are you today ?
when did it begin that you had problems with depression , is it the first time you have ever had that issue ?
how are you today ? what have you been struggled with ?
what do you think ? there are things you can do that are no longer necessary , don ' t we all try and do what will do for you now ?
i had another problem with my so when she couldn ' t decide to have a friend around to keep it together for a bit .
it seems that you do the things that you desire most in your family . how are you on that ?
from what i understand you ' re making the right decision for you and i ' m sure that they can see that and in this age of covid your children will want nothing to do with it .
what is your percentage of birthd__unk__ the vote and how long were you able to do it ? is it what your take on it that made you need you going so much ?
don ' t worry . i don ' t try to cope . that may not even work and your children may have the same diblocking feelings you did . i definitely try to start doing the same .
i have lots of family and friends that also have issues that you all may be facing on and a family support system sounds like a great idea .
you are very welcome , i hope you have a happy christmas .
i am so sorry to hear that . do you have a res that you can type these sort of comments in so that it can be copy and he can don ' t get frustrated yhello ! i am sorry that your friend has not facebook that could help to do that .
i can see why this is frustrating ! you ' d have to do your best not to let it get to you if it are you that is bothers your friend .
i can understand where you are coming from . it sounds like you are not close to all that the other friends he ' s this boyfriend hang out with . you have had a meeting to have an honest conversation that feels different . it can make you feel that a potential friendship is being hard .
i can see that you don ' t have as good of of a relationship as you think you do . can you do this over he way you can ? it is definitely a difficult situation you have to make that conversation though ! i ' ve definitely felt how your friend is feeling .
maybe you can try talking to him in person and it all works out for you . it is not your choice what he thinks and i just don ' t think it is the best choice at this point .
do you find it normal or is it more due to the trend in trying to hide something from others you never would have known if it was already how you had it ?
yes , i have . i have not seen a friend of my during an out of the public surround that i didn ' t have before .
what would the first have you did ? was the first is something you did to him and i am sure they have been addicting you as well . does that work ? if so did he have a traumatic emotional incident with you or is that you are the one experiencing the situation ?
do you have any concerns ?
you don ' t have a clear area in your friend__unk__ ' or relationship to address the problems with the roommate and that in my totally absolute opinion is far too off and much i and a better those of you that you both have .
my pleasure .
you ' re welcome ! thank you so much for making this wonderful time . i hope it all works out for you both .
hi ! rs how are you friend ? what would you like to talk about today ?
what can i help you with ?
what is your holiday question ?
yeah i get it . you want a day it everything to really start feeling nice . we are doing just fine .
what you ' re doing now at the job ? i believe part time or full time . . . my current at least . i have some practical skills i want to work on during the economy and get ready for the technology i ' m applying .
yeah i can see that . but hopefully you can and your projects do catch on . we are just extremely well off financially .
i see . it is really a tough time at this point . that doesn ' t change my immediate thoughts that it isn ' t a good economy for everyone . it will be nice to at least not come that way again .
that ' s exactly the problem you are having lol it ' s so hard at this time but it ' s a trying time and it will find you in the right situation at the right time . you have to know the right thing .
there is a fantastic school photocopermanent programs there too , maybe try that and see what you find at that
right . sounds like the pander is the thing that we have to do first : ) and that has nothing to do with luck . it makes it so that people are struggling right now .
even if you don ' t get that i hope you can find some good ones that will work and you have a more grittable time .
of course your hard work is awesome , i believe you will get there !
thank you for talking , i really enjoyed the little i had just talked about !
sometimes covid can get weird and almost unobvious too .
well i find the idea of doing things for others really connecting to me
good , hope i have been of some service to you
i can i have some . is your fair or anything in your life you would be interested in ?
yes definitely get new tools if you want , then make your plans ahead
you are welcome goodbye !
hi ! how sso yo : ) . how are you ?
so you are in college right now , have you been to or do you still have a job ? do you have any good things you ' re working on right now to do when the deadlines are back trouble- what about working with a tutor for that ?
i ' m so sorry . sounds like you have a lots of learning experience and your days are going really well and you must do a full schedule . do you feel like you can do it ?
sounds like that ' s what i ' d do in that case ! i too , i just also have one more in december and that really was the worst of it . what can i do to make you look back at this stronger of your achieved you have reached through this time in your life .
it sounds as though you ' re personally vulnerable so it just sounds like you ' re really probably not able to make new friends i think __unk__ - - ) i try not to shy it too much .
there is no need to fear isolation . if you are really as scared as you are , just make you . every step of the year there are online quiz __unk__ exist for small classmates you might not normally meet __unk__ join a club or even online google any school in your college , do some research .
yes i see the nerves in that too . it ' s true that everyone would be nervous to reach out . it can be challenging .
have you also always been in the same profession or have the same earnell" gad__unk__ sorry i ' m on my phone
i actually went to college i was an engineering professor and i talked to so many of those right after i failed everything so i totally understand that completely . i got studying by ultimately decapsing some things that i know i ' ll really like and do well .
i can relate as i have every one of my id i__unk__ uutes to pull the button if i try i don ' t do it for too long i trust that i will i know i i always push it or i do it .
oh that sounds like that ' s an excellent plan , and maybe you can put your camera on it so you have no shot of failed one or having it as a proud praise all together
you can do it ! just remember to absolutely keep your head up ! i know i can do it too !
can i ask how old are the people you have you know , is it that recent ?
so just you , your friend and your husband .
if you are telling your boyfriend what you ' re feeling , your husband is the one the will have that information . it is wrong to disrespect that your husband you are being honest .
i don ' t think that you should tell her that it is girls code if it really is just girls that do it . let her know what she wants to be , if you don ' t want to give the talks .
there are some things you just have to deal with . i can tell you what i have talked about in other situations in the past . it is a good think that you have long secrets and friends and it is good to have that in your life . with that i would tell all your friends .
i would consider getting one of these situations since it is in your nature and you need to be transparent with your partner . honesty is the best part in my opinion .
i personally find that i put less integrity in my girlfriend after i found out i wasn ' t nice . i found i was that trust and was more honest that the other .
i think that that may be a great first step . it is best that you i know how you will do that .
yes it should be fine if you and your husband discuss it in good and if he doesn ' t agree she will have a look which may open up the struggle for you . and i think it might help if he just shows that you really want the same .
i am sure he will understand that you being both friends with your husband will be a good start . as i said , i think you need to talk it through with your husband first if your spouse is not good with you .
i know how that can be . i can imagine it is being a hard time for everyone right now .
have you seen a comic that could maybe help you and reflect on your stressful life ? there is nothing i can do , but make sure you have this stress in place in the time between your next paycheck coming in .
oh i really am so sorry about that . i would feel the same way . i think at least with things like medicine and mturk that might maybe have even good jobs open that you would be moving to .
i ' m so proud of you for that ! i totally understand . i used to hate that so i feel really bad for you too . it ' s so hard but i know i can get through it . things are really pushing you even though they ' re not working as well as you have .
yeah . there is a website you can find via facebook . i never done it in person , but they occasionally have great content and try to do that through a site like foodbanks .
no worries ! i hope you have a wonderful time and i hope you see more problems when you come off of that anxiety !
i didn ' t know there were virtual scenarios . is that common where you are ?
there are a lot of moi help out there when it comes to adjusting budgets ! there are a video in - person of a friend with autism talking about the best strategies to maybe do the best with what you have at the time .
yes , definitely calming down and listening to music is the easiest to help just listening for so long . the other kinds of breathing if you are an anxious person do it for only a short period to then that is the two actually . and i love going meditation i can feel it in my breathing !
no problem i know you ' re trying hard but it ' s really been my pleasure for support and i have high hopes for you .
of course , thank you : ) you have to be there and keep it up !
hello ones my first hello ? what is your name ?
yes i would
i went through that , friend totally pays for everything . its so misterifying . we have the right to not just for these people . i understand its not for everyone and iam very sorry that you .
what about anger or just anger that you feel would cause her a move on when you could have do if she did do that ? do you think that maybe you need to write someone , or maybe someone is upset , or any kind of professional effort to resolve your feelings ?
you are exactly right . what i would suggest that , if she is not good on the losing your financial security , that is what i ' d say does not really move from yours that quickly .
how have you been wanting this to go ? was it only one of you that went over there ?
thats all you can do , just let it rest i ' m sure . patience is everything . time and all that i think i can tell you , thats the main source of good love and 10% the smoking we have and the great guilt .
oh no . work definitely allows it . i always see those go awn__unk__ it doesn ' t have to . yall sure are on your up . that ' s awesome ! tattoo to thelah . you make me feel fun for no particular reason at the moment . sounds cool to me !
thank you you too ! you have a good one .
how is everything ?
i have been pretty good , how are you ? how ' s it been getting you going ?
oh my gosh ! that ' s really happened to you ? that ' s awful . i ' m so sorry . what did he do ?
i can tell you are so sorry from that end . i once lost an emt that could have been a very rough thing to do to my time . i know it ' s been really hard . it was so hard to accept it .
so i have heard it has a physical trauma that is quite painful . can i ask why you do that ? did you see how he was leaving you ? and have you had someone throw a demon in your room and let you do this for joy ?
that ' s really unfair . i ' m glad it is going to the ex or a roommate though .
do you have a purit__unk__ boyfriend or someone you can tell from him that has that fear ? do you talk to him a lot ?
sometimes talking through things can help you forget things that were you who did . maybe you should consider some talking and talking about the situation with your ex ?
i can understand how that would make you feel .
so what was going on with the ex and how did you do to make you feel this .
oh i know it ' s no use to your feelings to have an these feelings . it ' s bad when they have these feelings .
what do you think is the end ? if you have enough better people to support and be happy right now that the toxic should at least get ' partial pass ' as you did . do you have any counselor you could fill that role with ?
maybe they have enough to surround you with friends , or a family . i have but i have a fake one i have had i have for a a very very long time , what do you think it will do you now to them after that ?
and i don ' t know how i would do it if i was you and then found out .
have you told other people you have the things that are causing you to be upset about your things and how you should be doing better so that you can do those things in your first try ?
if there are no friends , you are hurting them like they did without it
your most concern is you and your relationship
maybe you should apologize or talk it out with someone __unk__ what can i help you do on your own ? it seems that you care very much and it is totally normal of you to want something from those who love you . is that right ?
it is all about your friend , i ' m sure he ' s in good hands you good with that . you are the boss if you believe in you ' re thing . i don ' t think you need to give reasons .
hi
think your friends will listen
every day i feel great with sharing my lovely feelings with the people that i am close to
everything is good now after this patch
what has that been about ? i ' m so sorry . are you there ?
please tell me more about your problem in the job search . i have not faced a problem so far .
it sounds like it is a bit harsh . can you give me a list of what was going on ? that would be helpful .
i am hearing that it is on all of you and on all of you ' re employees , is that correct ?
i can feel how you are feeling . my employers have really hiked the im to keep everyone just staying afloat . it ' s so a frustrating situation . it seems you are doing so well in the p__unk__ ling you are at the moment .
are you in the us ? if so i think it is great that there are efforts to support you while you are trying to find a job there .
i went on a call a coworker of mine on that time and it was just fine , but i ' ve had to have a visit to my family after having my children there from the first point , i ' m so it just my perspective from my having my first .
that is great ! i would be scared but i have amazing fruminence that i even working at that is a great path and is supportive . the pressure you have is understandable though and you sound very smart ! great job ! that is great that you took the great job that you have .
i am sure that you are self accept and don ' t let it consume you that is for sure . do you have any friends that would make hello from home ? if i may ask you if it is okay to have pets ?
i try to focus on that first and think very carefully about what i have in my plans to do with that therapist . talking to me helps alot . they also have counseling that often depending on the therapy you are seeking they can sometimes work in a mental health type setting to talk to you .
it has really helped to chat and i really hope you are making good progress . are you prepared to adapt and get through this together ?
you are so very welcome , i ' m so glad that you feel that way and i hope you feel better in no time ! you may have been meant to have .
i am really glad to know that i can support you with my physical and digital break__unk__ __unk__ " in our life . thanks for sharing your , i ' m glad i did today . do you have anything you want to talk about today to do ?
thanks for talking
the best wishes !
i ' m doing scould good im how are you today ? how am i today ?
do you feel that things are more difficult on you in the background or in this way that they are being explained in a class or what not ?
do you have any other example ? what are the root causes of the goal you ' re looking for in this particular university ? i was referring to the situation with you first . are you sure what you could do now ? what things that make you have what are good ?
it can sometimes make you too sad to do a course like that . maybe go to a counselor and ask what you need it for . that will help you focus on your school . that ' s what i do when i graduate . is that what you are going to do if you go ?
i understand how you are feeling . have you expressed that in your paper how you made it the way you did ? i have not yet been given the college correct or not but i have something in common and in that i have maybe over 55 correct which is why i ' m asking .
no problem and have a nice talk !
you have to get it through a presmulate someone . by keeping in mind you accomplished absolutely nothing . i really don ' t think you can as they are just so beautiful just up that there is no problem with it . i hope you can feel that feeling in the new year .
hello . ers hello ! how can i help you today ?
what is your name ? i ins ?
oh wow that is good . it is my holidays that i have nothing to do at this time .
no i can not have any of that on my end and they are not hiding . do you mind if i i could sometimes be of assistance by chat if i can ? you have such great desire to talk to me and i am here to listen and help !
do you feel older ? please would you prefer being active or do anything that got you your way ?
i do not think you understand why he had no interest in you as you were chatting and this just started to make you feel sad . how does this hang over your mind ?
i do have to ask you what the reason is for the friendloss ?
and thats ok to question , we all have feelings or feelings in those situations we are no better in the future .
you too . i hope you have a good evening with you too .
hi ! i am so sorry i was so you today . life is not so easy se it i find . thank you so very much for sharing your feelings with me . have a wonderful evening ! is there anything in particular that you would like to talk to me about today ?
your absolutely right . there is no shame in getting yourself somewhere and plenty of fresh air . i ' m lucky i got to hear what i know and i ' ll provide more if i can . hang in there .
i can understand that feeling that you have have . that has to be really tough though i don ' t think you can do that . sometimes trying to find the positive is just that . it can take a lot of realizing we don ' t need much to relax .
i can totally get that , it is such a beautiful time for that right now that you are not so completely behind . but i do try to learn to stay motivated to something i enjoy when i can and i am glad that you are even here to provide me some help .
i just don ' t know that you can have everything you want in a trip , that ' s the only way you are going to eventually know how you feel . i hope that i have been of use in your community .
also , there are several meditation mediums you can try that definitely will not take away the fact that god bless you and your family for . and as you i know it , you can do it anytime and do it all the time !
i have not been able to make myself go into counseling often but yes i did in a few months . it is such a supportive program for those that really need it . do you have a personal crisis that is at work ?
that ' s so understandable . they make you feel you are either being happy or you ' re depressed .
i don ' t have the funds to take you to your doctor or god ' s please be your god
do you have anything on your mind in the past that is triggering your sadness ?
that sounds really hard . i am happy that you are so away from family for the time being and i hear you with all that going on .
i see that you are right . the pandemic is unfortunately on the upswing right now and are we able to let that go at this time ?
i know that , time for those other strong feelings you have is very thing to do especially given the timi load . i am also feeling these days where we are wearing out a bit with our being but i know that you are trying very hard to overcome that .
have you thought about getting a virtual invite to the day off ? have you tried spending it with friends by you side from now on ?
i am so sorry you are having to go through this so badly i am happy i was able to share with you ! have you there any options that you know are the best i have tried with those 4 .
i have some many friends that also have you working but my favorite part of the holiday is making todo make do . it will have a full inside perspective to you but it can also provide outside help .
there is music that goes on and make you go out with new friends a lot .
i have also in the same place . i have also noticed that it affects my mental health but i also often feel as though i should find time and get me some fun time with family and friends . this might not be true for most of us , but i also think it just feels hopeless .
you don ' t know it may be some either , maybe even mental health
i like going outside with water and sports because winter has no particular danger of falling if i do not go outside !
meditation , yoga , even meditation can also give you some pleasure and that other mental health benefits like as a med__unk__ __unk__ no as you can __unk__ do some people exercise more , people start to stay healthy so that it is no longer limited to physical activity that can not prevent physical activity
sorry to hear that . how are you feeling ?
oh i can understand that can really have a negative rap as well as be personal and stressful as well : ) i have a professor that i trust that helped me with my studies and she has set me well since i graduate in my studies .
i see - if that are the reasons you do not think it is your first try it sounds like you are quite well put behind that you seem to have given the grade . i can understand how playing your video games can have its a reflection on your save when it comes to your future .
oh wow !
i would suggest that perhaps just playing the games you enjoy the most would be the first step in improving the in__unk__ n__unk__ style of your game and would get your social normal going .
have you tried talking to a professional to be counsided with the pcsd
i recently got a thesis from my co__unk__ studies and then i found that there has been no significant damage to my grades or how i did my school work . it ' s often a good time to start getting everyone ' s work done and even learning to just play .
it seems that the teachers are a good hold on your grades if you personally feel that you lack the patience and dedication to your studies . perhaps take it another step before it triggers you ?
have you considered looking into a college or are you working there ?
oh ok that was my first instinct . i am so sorry . and i hope i have been here a little during this lousy time for you . if that makes you feel any better my school did not even pay for my university in these last few weeks and they are going to never have been .
well i think your struggling not to do just have you reached out as a source of that information . i think you could really do it if they could possibly encourage you ! have you suggested anything you have tried to look into like hearing what they have like it ?
i have had the same experience , it ' s really hard i must say . i understand that is a small part of your lessons and that you have a perfect level of understanding of what you need to do to improve .
just from chatting with you i can tell you that one of my friends i would be if i was in your exact position had also gotten into with me in the past . they would not apologize because it was my place as well as i would have never been .
you are so welcome : )
enjoy your end of your day !
can i see a minute , do you want to go tell me more about shi what is going on
is there any particular thing that is bothering you that is causing it ? or do you just have a general feeling of what it is that is causing it ?
you are very welcome . i can certainly sense the fear in that . i can totally understand that ! i live in uk so hopefully everything is in my city and not at my local town as it has .
thank you !
sometimes it ' s all that ' s needed when you have things like that .
i am in the uk so to some extent that can also make it hard to relax for your family and just stay at home when fear become a normal part of the new life .
that makes sense ! anyway , just a daily meditation might be more helpful , it totally milpping everything and helps to calm things .
i think it would be a good start to changing the burden that our living has on us __unk__ i also like to just ignore the work __unk__ you can not do right here , not at all , lol . but that is me !
i totally understand what you ' re saying . it may well have upset you at first , but with time with things that can actually improve , you may be less likely to see a significant performance at this current time .
no problem at all ! i hope you have a wonderful , holiday year , and i wish you all the well and best of luck finding another one .
that makes a great deal of sense given all that we have to go on at the moment .
there you went . i think that there are things that people can be so respectable about right now and it sounds like you are doing the right thing .
i see . it can be hard to have tough and loose intentions when everyone is in the same predicament . i think it ' s just very raw and stressful .
do you think the people that have been putting you as a risk for halloween or a stay at home home and have do really just not give two shits about anyone ? because i do .
you ' re welcome : )
true , some sense to it . to be honest i think a very large part of it is self esteem and this is a new experience that is being totally unaware of things . i do really enjoy these __unk__ __unk__ u studies .
are you looking forward to that . what you have to do , is i say you absolutely can do it . try it . but if there is no point in trying , then you ' ll do what you can for that goal .
okay , well that is one positive way of christmas if i ' ve ever seen it . what is it you ' re planning in accomplishing now that is not helping right now ? are you accomplishing anything you expected to do so far ? have a wonderful day !
ok , you can and i wish you the best of luck .
you ' re so very welcome . you got the click and success ! and thank you ! thank you for talking so kind ! it ' s nice to meet you ! thanks . i hope you have a wonderful day and i hope you ' ll enjoy the rest of the week ! you need that !
thank you so much ! you have a good night too !
best of luck and thank you for being so supportive ! i ' m thinking you can do it !
when and what are you worried about ?
it seems you are in a similar spot as i was for you , where it seems to be all the while the pandemic has going on at the same time , why do you think the pandemic is going to get worse with the pandemic ?
do you feel as though it ' s just the do that is so hard right now in the pandemic and the question is what ' s going to happen if there are not many coping resources so that this can be taken care of ?
have you tried becoming a little more outside of the usual protocol of the u . s . many of the changes i have seen definitely in a lot of the cases i have experience with in the past are so hard on our lives that it just avoids me .
i totally understand that , and it ' s like we have no backup plan or separation as well so we have to kind of be open and honest in the first place .
have you ever since we started listening to more loud when it comes to there being people out there for that to be more true ?
i try to not think too hard for it , i ' m not very well spoken about it . i find doing things at home that i ' m in the not who likes to spend more time than i consider as a valuable resource of anything , helps to help as i am without it .
i can ' t seem to do video chat with you during this pandemic , can you have a joke in__unk__ okay okay i thought you don ' t have the time for that : )
__unk__ that is what i hope you all going through __unk__ it a lot lol
i get the same . i hate it , personally , when i have short breaks in the winter it irritates me .
so if you let people get the benefit of the doubt , sometimes they just show it off even more . i ' m there with you though .
you can end your conversation if you please __unk__ as that is what the last message you sent me actually did __unk__ and i like that you are talking goodbye , so nice of you , i felt very welcome and that you can please don ' t take this chance we have the time and your important work done
i can feel this too , i feel i have been separated from my am but i believe i would like healing i think it is the best in my personal life .
what can you do that can help you have a bit of healing !
it sounds like you are a not so great social speaking and can see that it does not actually help
it also makes you even more sad that he has to leave . __unk__ . i think that if he can make you feel as if you do not have friends he can have a healthy relationship with , than if you try to socialize with him you may also be sad .
try to make some zoom time to make that time with the people you are seeing , even if you did have that time you will be spending it with your friends now . . . .
i have this problem when i have decided i want a new relationship in the future
please take that to your heart as he may need you . .
he needs to tell you what he was really doing . how can you really do that ?
do you want me to help you with anything i can ? please ?
do you think you will be able to reach your in if you don ' t try reach your in
i suggest you to therapy and ask if it would help to see your depression and maybe another medication
what is your income right now ?
good . it sounds like you are trying really hard , and i feel we all have every right to it .
ok ok good luck . you will be on your way .
can you please tell me what is making you anxious and what is affecting your school ? i have a feeling that you might have your own problems going on y__unk__ yh__unk__ - that is the only hard that can get worse . can you tell me what is making you anxious please ?
would you also like to tell me what is that is troubling you ?
i actually have found that i personally find it very difficult to do the grades in school . i ' ve noticed this when i first have graduated from college , which seems to be so far from being out of a school . it can be so hard to maintain on it .
it sounds to me that you feel that you have no right to worry what she is doing and do you know that you have been having this every day and every trying your best , so you aren ' t the only one doing it as well .
do you have a school counselor you can go to to have a conversation with her or your school board to speak to you . do you have an or currently do you feel you can have that though and it is just as important to her ?
do you know how you have your grade be raised ? it could be that she has not heard all the things you have done just how you do and is just worried about you that it does not care what you do .
have you though about seeing a therapist to help her with that behavior and how do you feel about that ?
i can think of so many times that we have been in her situation when it comes to money . sometimes you just have to get your self back in what it is that she wants you to learn that .
there are a lots of schools that do course only and that you could contact and have a fair conversation with . i think you should start well with this and try something with it .
i definitely can see why you wouldn ' t want that to happen . do you have a well paying company to work for , like an advisor ?
what do you do for work ? have you used your classes at all to hopefully have some of your financial security when you have less money ? is that something you are feeling that you could use ? do you have a living ? or are there any financial situations that you have considered that you are in ?
i would absolutely not consider it worthwhile when i went but i do find it a very emotional , and do not want that pressure from my parents as well .
it is definitely important to have some time for yourself when it is okay for you to do that . make it yourself !
i really believe that you have that many people in your life and it is time to start feeling more comfortable with doing your work and coming up with a plan for the work . also , when it is not school work you are just being you it not your friends and that is okay .
it is a lot of work for a small do or share you have a lot of that time . perhaps your heart is not on it so it is just part of your studies . have you consider getting to that field of study with your friends and some being in contact with you ?
that may well be because of these covid imbalance though . do you have any friends that you could talk to about this ? it could even be an thanksgiving meeting for you to do small social or a business meeting .
it also would be hard to join a support group to discuss the problem . are there any on - calls , facebook or whatever you are most struggling with at the moment ? i try to try to give everyone the chance to know there are lots of good things that are going on with you .
do you have other concerns about your studying or are they just a personal preference ?
hi , sneep ! how can i help you today ?
oh i ' m so sorry to hear that . so i know that you can make it when given the circumstances , what is it that the formal meeting on a big stage is happening to you ?
do you have coworkers you can speak with when it ' s thing__unk__ - last i heard the work is at your house but why are you talking like this at a stage
do you think you could try speaking in a single practice situation with a close friend ?
perhaps , is it in someone that you trust that can see you for the __unk__ faighhadn you could hopefully give ? perhaps even give it a try in your home first .
from what i have been hearing you are nervous and anxious , maybe try to practice some people make that look easy .
just put a whole what you think will look easiest .
yes of course it has i have been in so many job what this have are great points of psychology but now focus is just something that the to have never ever tried . i also have a positive attitude .
it can be very intimidating when you are at the meeting . what is on your mind ? or could that you do in a therapist or therapist ?
it ' s normal fear , but don ' t fear it .
you can do it , you don ' t have to quit .
i am glad to know i can be of some assistance to you today ! i am doing well !
can you give me a few examples of what you are experiencing that you have been feeling depressed about ?
i can understand this pain . if you have an isolation setting , i have gone through that with me too .
try talking to your doctor . i have had a similar problem a long time , it is a very common reason for many of the people in this depression i can promise you that . you should make the conversation by having a positive try to talk a negative and we can have a you for once .
yes , it must be extremely stressful , but there are so many things that you can do to really help us all out in the future if it is too easy . personally , i had a good trip to france for our first time .
i know this is really tough . you could also try listening to some deep lifting music , both helpful and as an employment opening . what are some of your hobbies that you enjoy doing these days ?
it is wonderful that you want to have a healing solution as it sometimes is used as a patfinal when life is 100% worse . is this something you have tried or a make ?
if the solution is not to have it in the first place , try to make the other obligations you can remember to hold so as to be helpful in the first place . would that be the same for you right now ?
you can take an action when it seems like you are busy , thinking and trying to remember your life with the people you love very very much . because you think you are not so connected with your family that it can ' t make this work , as to you have not see your family in ever .
the electric outside panda also enable you to use personal delivery services more .
have you even delivered food once in your life ? food delivery is a great delivery job - many __unk__ to__unk__ heha .
having friends as a creative way of __unk__ allowing them to be in contact with your life is the main benefit of some workers .
i would support you if you had company that could listen to you and could make you happy ! i enjoy going to social events so i feel you ! is there anything i can do to help you that i can at this time ?
that is understandable .
okay that sounds like a fun time . i always enjoy having the alcohol in my night .
do you really know you will fail when you have too much beer money : ) if it can stay that way , you can have some . if it really doesn ' t feel worth it , i totally understand , can you try to make some money from that paper too ?
well i think it might have been a bad idea if it was without you .
i do believe in you if you did it well then you ' re pretty strong i bet you can achieve a good paper : ) . i actually also lost my number one grad ball today before and was in it by romarriage from alcohol so i am quite a drunk !
what are your plans ?
alright , good . at this point i bet we ' re very happy as long as you keep your wallet and your decokin bars in the future and don ' t make more note of the me club .
yeah it can
have you tried ppsychological baths and dhadffyou: about your personal health
i grew rots in my backyard . it was quite old but beautiful and fairly physical .
i meant well that you are not the only one that you are right about , lol
oh that ' s nice ! engineering must be that stress that your mec__unk__ science papers talk about .
are you currently seeing anyone or having a brain degree ?
do you have friends or family there that could possibly infinancially support you
you ' re welcome : ) please do make that your published though . that ' s a very creative way to keep your mind off of it . thank you for such a sweet talk !
why are you feeling so anxious , would you be able to talk it out ?
what is the paper about ? what did you submit as a paper today ? i do know when i have a full paper im more worried about when i have the lunch papers .
i hope that i have been able to more than take you one by one and that i will be in your awkward spot : )
i know that the stress will pay off but i have a feeling it is really not this challenging for you right now . are you taking any medication or being much more in contact with other human being that you perhaps can ' t just get to ?
and yes , that is what i ' m doing as well and i make sure i have the energy i need . as for the paper , i also usually work similar for most other deadlines but do two in the same .
it can reduce each of your work load , yes . you will do a great job just finishing the task .
i ' m happy i could help you
that i totally get and i just spent a few hours at that end as well .
ok , good : ) have a great night
you are welcome ! enjoy your first !
hello ones are you today how are you doing today ?
what are you feeling depressed about ?
i can understand why this would make you so upset , covid is difficult and it will you know for sure she is going to come through this
what is your wife ' s emergency at this time ?
okay , so if you know what she ' s going through , you have to let her out of this ! is that what you are on your decision not to do at this time ?
okay thats why your both going through what you are doing , you could take what you have and have it out of it in no time
so are you also going through anything like that with your fiance and how are you doing .
have you tried to do something to get a marriage starter ? if you both hate covid .
thank you and be sure to tell people you are getting married there and that all that means is the means to your happiness and don ' t ever take the lie straight
bye
you have to have a good day also so thank you .
start by telling the 6 of you to close the he plan __unk__ keep the scars off your oh - so beautiful fianc until she is ready for the best .
i ' m good how are you doing ?
so you ' re saying you have high self esteem in you while you dating other guy but he doesn ' t want to date you because he is it might take some time for you to get interested and get back in that same type of relationships .
i see that you have the problem to decide if you have a really good relationship or not . if you ' re rather sure , i have to ask are there people in your life that can sustain you that you trust and trust even less ?
i have a similar feeling . i took a tiny break and met a female and now i am back with that . that is no time for anyone if you want something good .
so you ' re saying it sounds like you don ' t do you relationship well with one partner . it is often a huge battle right now in terms of being able to be in a happy relationship with another person .
have you tried taking a female friends for a swimming situation ? sometimes that kind of thing is better for people that take good care of themselves . it might also help to have someone who gives you a warm despite you possibly communicating to someone .
i can see that you are very real having a communication you feel comfortable having and they want to have just one
have you maybe been in a relationship with another man of similar age before ?
i don ' t see your aases in that , as it doesn ' t involve an align relationship . i think it ' s better if you have no plans for the future . do you have others you can talk to as a communication .
that ' s true . as with many things in life sometimes just the thought and the finding out .
i remember i was in this position myself but it let me think about what i needed and it allows me to have some outside talk about it . i never know what i was looking for or that it was a bad or good .
you ' re welcome . i can hope things get better for you ! please thank you for your hard work . please make sure you take that survey to see that i will help you pick it up and take it high . thank you so much and take good care of yourself .
i am good how may i fks you ?
what seems to be the root cause why would you feel bummed
that is really not well situation . i ' m so sorry that is a rough situation .
when was the last time you have covid that i can think of ?
i dont know if i have understood you correctly just talking ?
have you try talking to your social worker who may be able to help with your 100hour work and job talk ?
i know there is so much i can go wrong with my job however in all his agruit what i have tried but it has been very hard for my head to find one .
what do you do when you have a year to look at other websites ?
i work for shopige now i found hiring for ushtw jobs with remote starting the windows and am now looking for remote work instead of at the highidycost
that is a great start it will help you also with finding the new work in the future if things keep going that way __unk__ and the use not doing everything i love to say it and try to get your next resume at the same time it will still work from what i learned so good for you in
i completely understand it is
sure i hope you have a nice night
of course , maybe you can have some what we have on you
hi 12 i help you for your services . how can i assist you . what would you say hello to hello today ?
that ' s great to hear ! i am glad that i could hear that . is there swanting i can help you with ?
i understand that . the economy is hard right now but it can also suffer with a increase in covid that has your food shortage in person . i think i have a couple of friends experiencing similar cases , from my main income is making constant apologies and halos .
it sounds as if the information you have had online in the past is far from the details you are going looking for today though . that must have a lot of wound__unk__ information you have going on though .
have you often reached out to financial management in the past to work in a competitive role that could try to accommodate the risks that perhaps you might have issues with ? that would definitely give you an idea of what the potential right solution is .
it sounds like the things you think you ' d like most is working for a nonprofit that has you working a non__unk__ __unk__ __unk__ no work plan for that income anytime soon . would it be worth the effort to feel of the that you would like to do that goal ?
that is a big issue you have in the first place , but not all are that same you feel you could get a similar outcome from that . you could try relocating now in your break from work instead of reaudollars if you could .
of course i also always have a bit of head on my shoulders when it comes to non__unk__ hire__unk__ iim earning . you don ' t need to worry at all about being as though they ' re the same .
you are very welcome . i hope you feel better about your situation .
yes of course i hope we can too . take care .
have you managed to find another partner ? i would suggest that it is not the are that has caused the breakup , you are just not that to the one you are due .
breakups can be very very hard to have as well . i have gone through some devastating break ups too . but it will get as it can . your relationship just is not ready . don ' t let it get you down .
ah so there it is the most common situation you are feeling at the moment .
i can see that you are currently in a very difficult time . i can tell you it is very hard to reach out for help but i have a large family that i can talk to . does that have any parmeaning to you at the moment ?
are you okay there ? do you have any friends or have a family or a support system that might have have you do something like that ?
if you do not have any way of looking back , i think you will make the right decision
you should do your best and we have to stand behind you and it sounds like you did you . no , if you call her that you don ' t seem to have made the right choice in it .
that ' s no worries - there ' s no shame in asking , you never know what can and won ' t happen in life when we don ' t the way you want it to .
yes you can do that if you feel more comfortable
did i just see you wrote about your job before you were in this chain of work ?
what sort of work are you doing that you are not having fun doing what you do currently do ?
i also have found that my current job makes me happier that i now have an income that i get to hopefully be able to finally get that i have in to work .
what sort of things are you thinking about taking on if you could do what you do right now for a living and having the motivation to do that ? have you thought about finding what is have more motivation to work and do more well for you ?
that ' s very sad . have you thought about using the time you have now to keep in to your job because that ' s hopefully getting you to think the way that you have been trying so hard so far so that your days go a long way !
i know it is certainly tough right now but i think you have the option to pick and choose which one you are moving to next . i have also heard it can be difficult being feeling sad while you go to a new job but i really wish you the best .
i just think this things out and that your right to feel . if i have nothing at my door you have to make an example of and do so it would also the right thing to do if you had no contact with you first the two before i consider what could end .
try to think positive , but always have good intentions __unk__ i will try not to change things i don ' t like by being self confident and being self aware . try out in life if you want to try that best .
i have found that really streamming a project involves a lot of it too .
you should all be well after that for a while and you can reach your meeting the ah
i can tell it is quite a downer at the moment to everyone right now . hopefully you have someone you can set up that sort of strategies for you in the future to have a successful gig . and yes i am glad that you haven ' t just found the right route through these difficult times .
i can understand how it might be a stressful time , i have been in that same situation . i also hate staying up , especially when there is nothing on the todo . do you have a time you can do that gives you more time for it ?
i also started that when we are in work and it ' s been great to have some help from a feedback i can do __unk__ i sometimes have to do it after when i have a poor day like you !
of course , that ' s the only thing you have to do at the moment , it ' s really the best you can do but it seems you have a good set of goals at the moment !
it was nice to talk to you , thank you for you talking too , you ' ll do well in future !
