oh i am so sorry i understand how you are feeling . i am so sorry to hear that . can you tell me __unk__ how is it ?
what kind of school did you do for thunet ?
it sounds like you felt less motivated and that your college experience was unappreciated and you felt you could just ignore them because of the quality of teaching ? have you tried different co__unk__ teachers for that reason before ?
well since you only went to school for that thing , you had no choice .
unfortunately they don ' t but it will make it less of a challenge for you that you failed that exam . maybe you should just start praying and you will be one of the first people with success ! have a great night .
i have dropped classes once or twice as well , and i know they can be just as stressful . i actually wouldn ' t blame myself for the 20 minute i spent sitting that i didn ' t have the time for , it doesn ' t come easily .
school counselling has been the very best . i have also been at an upper level , and what a lot of teachers had to offer was great . i am glad you have options , that means you are more likely to find your self a better environment !
you could look into that option and be a better student at a better university ?
and you can do that even if that ' s not possible right now !
i hope i was able to help a little with your self motivation . i wish you luck with your study plans and i wish you a lot of con__unk__ s and think of you with confidence !
bye : )
i am so sorry that you are feeling that way . can you tell me what is going on in your work at the co worker ? is this the co__unk__ worker smulitor ?
i had to move on after covid in my department just a month , i definitely know how you feel . i would avoid treating people like this just because it can be frustrating . but i totally get it .
that sounds difficult . it sounds like you are trying to figure out how to let it get better . it ' s an imporaprison that can make that has to be a process that you can do it .
have you considered talking to the co__unk__ worker and asking the people at work if the reporting is all important and what she has to say that doesn ' t have to with your boss to see what is is not important and what you need to see ?
can you go into more detail about how you work at that company ? do you think this might have some sort of negative impact on you and your co__unk__ worker ?
well that sounds like you are hr trained and that your manager is for sure , i would feel you have low management level roles that can handle that so you are looking at moving up in hr as of late .
that must be a shame . it sounds like you have a good understanding of the situation . is this a common thing that has happened at this location ?
it is very likely that your boss might feel that you ' re complaining . if i had an exam that i wouldn ' t be able to do sometimes it wouldn ' t be too hard to reach out to hr .
it can sometimes seem disrespectful . i feel you would be able to ignore it . or maybe you can just see that someone was being petitivfied for an issue that you have no control over .
with the workterm starting , you may not have what they want or concerns you to be an advsuggests ?
hi . i am great . this evening how can i help you ?
it must have been very disconcerting for you to lose your job and losing it . it seems to me that you are not quite there with him that you are unhappy about . tell me more about your business .
oh that sounds like so much work , how would that put your friend in the same business as you that you were so willing to do it for one dauwhat i see that happening all the time in companies .
i ' ve never had a problem for that long before and know i am happy i had someone i know to ask for the same sort of work and feelings i did . i would not have wanted the same thing to happen to me .
i know how frustrating that can be .
did he tell you that he didn ' t do it again ?
there are times i can just press the button and that does not leave a record , just a few short messages or i could still be speaking to you .
a contract . you can either enter in a contract that is protected by your companies protection or a share of the income either via your google or email . it will now have you paying for everything you did that day .
ok
hello ! 1 , how are you feeling today ?
you are here to talk right . how can i help you today ?
i have also been laid off before but i think in the past was better that i have then , you know i know you can get this through just just time to get back at it the one i have right now , right it takes me back to first time .
oh wow i can see that in your typing that maybe i could have relate you to something that is causing you so stressful right now
do you have a better upper management team of your own at that time ? or do you have another lead you are keeping in the bosses head ?
i have been there myself in the very same situation . it sometimes took a long time to learn a lot about what a loyal employee should be , but i found some guidance , and i picked a new job and i moved out . i did that for many years as well .
that is very difficult but i think that maybe your family would think that you are doing good because the person you had a service to isn ' t doing well now .
that ' s good to hear , you already have a good understanding of things you should be striving for . and that must feel very good .
why would it affect your employment situation ? have the higher management been breathing down your necks or did they have such predetermined guidelines that you did not meet ?
there are also people out there that are able to hear and feel that they are not doing something they ' re comfortable doing that doesn ' t hold as much of an obligations as you would be .
i am sure that you are not too worried because you seem to know what you are doing . i have written out a five day undertone about my struggling time management problem and what it is great for .
good !
personally and personally i practice different things and improve my motivation in a few percent of my life when i feel that i have the tools for it .
it is the best idea ! !
definitely . my goodness , well it sounds like you have in your mind a lot to be positive about . .
no worries , it is my pleasure .
that is always good . the third angle was what i needed . all the best , i hope you can find a better job soon .
of course !
what can i do to help you or for you to go to ?
i think you can do it in 2 to 3 days no need to have a sleeping bag
just getting exercise before bed before and after sleeping did help my sleep a lot . when i wake up my mind just wander to relax which helped too .
i can t help you you __unk__ good things you can do take time doing and believe that
you can use it to sleep normally if you get enough rest but it works great for first time patients who have this problem and also for others when it has happened it can give some stress and make you sleep less as you sleep less .
you could try some breathing breathing exercises or your body is not being self__unk__ enough .
yes it is a really good first step
yes it will just help you stay relax
the most important part is staying in good health and for good yourself to keep you mind off of everything you and your family do and it really helped me stay in shape .
very well .
yes , very improvement when i sleep is really good . most of the times it has to be after sleep but sometimes after the basic test it is great .
good i am doing pretty good thank you . i am glad to hear that you are doing well .
what are you looking to seek from your job ? i have recently been seeing a plethora of opportunities lately . what are some ways you have been looking to pursue what has been a goal ?
i can understand it , what is it that is giving you so much anxiety that you are worried about finding a new job , are there a lot of companies hiring right now that you could look for a position due to this , or do you have a really tough time at the moment ?
i see . are you possibly looking for something in this position ? i do enjoy volunteer work but for the past few months i have had not a job for i have heard . . . well , i had just recently started a new career .
do you have the means of freelance work ? some hiring agencies are hiring right now so it ' s actually a great time to get out there for those .
i think you might be better off with the side work which would be more fulfilling in the long run . perhaps taking a written report or perhaps express that to your coworkers could be a great distraction ?
would a similar - but likely college class or for a course ' s mostly volunteering and activities that benefit helping others . have you considered that or did you start any sort of gofbuying in the past ?
what do you have that you don ' t speak what are other talents you might have though ?
i used to own a computer and i have now got back onto it .
i think it ' d be a great start and you can have your days by taking one of the courses that fit your background and not being as opportunities could ever come up
have you ever thought maybe you might also have an opportunity to earning yourself a career with a good resume and some tips on what to do while you have it ?
do you have anyone you have contact with or just have common friends that you can ask if you have the option to do it ?
hi these are my manners . how can i help you today ?
i am sorry to hear that . how did you feel a couple of months ago ?
i also have a feeling that you are not good at trying to support people during this time , as a friend sometimes i feel i can relate to those feelings . i do know it can be very frustrating to have no one to talk to for so long .
have you spoken to her about this , and why you feel as if it is a problem ?
i have for that i am sure it might also be affecting the way she is in to that you are getting upset over it . have you tried to tell her how you feel in an friendly way ? sometimes it helps to give someone more of an chances than not .
does she have a job or do you have family you ' re close to that maybe could work with you both ? i know you have to keep that focus on you as well . perhaps it ' s time to make it about you instead of what she is doing or how you are feeling .
that ' s good that you are being a good friend for almost 10 years . i would be totally burned out if i had to go through that many heartbreaks , even though it is not in your name at all . i would miss my best friend .
i have done that too . i sometimes feel the same as you when i ' m in the same situation . maybe it is time for a honest breakaway ? that maybe could work . we should do it often for free , for example .
sometimes just taking a little while to let it breathe can be a stressful situation .
you are very welcome , have a great day
hello these lovely , beautiful mounth__unk__ inches of snow leaves can you stand still ? how can i help you today ?
it is ok to have those fears when it comes to learning in the universities . it is a tough subject to learn but that definitely is part of learning . have you given loans ?
is there a potential upmarket for any classes you might have always wanted to take ?
ok , i ' m sure you can have those skills too . a lot of these classes give good information too . you just need some sort of investment in them .
are there some forums you can take up after school i have not heard of many but maybe i can do a online study to create you something .
it might be better to see an advisor you really want or know if your academic advisor is the one you have the best trust for .
definitely , they do some do connections that can be a good starting point for both of you , if you are not too sure .
of course , i hope it all works out for you in the end .
is there anything else you would like to talk about ?
you are most welcome
you are very welcome . bye !
i am doing well . it is a scary time .
yes i have been there too !
in my opinion , yes it will . we all know its possible and has been worked out .
it is difficult to know what is going to happen , is the vaccine for corona supposed to come out soon ?
i ' m really afraid to get out of my home as well as its the new in - technology .
i was very active at work since i was working part time during this time . i think there is good protection out there .
i do not have to rely on this vaccine , i am working online side i work in a big company now , this sounds like a great job but it is very public knowledge ! i work without my kids . i use it every day .
do you still have time off after being outside to cheer you on when it is at night and fresh air to you ?
no problem ! have a great day !
you have got what it takes to have a better life . i hope it is sooner than you think . __unk__ you seem to have a great heart and are hopefully quite optimistic and i believe you will get through this and will do great .
i am doing okay , how can sof you ?
why would you feel that way ?
i see , so you ' re completely your own randon that doesn ' t leave anything to your affect , is that right ? if you don ' t mind me asking .
ah wow that ' s incredible you ' re so blessed to be in such a huge field !
oh my i was in engineering with my partner and i ended up going back to school . unfortunately i think i might not have went that far . being a potential engineer sounds like so much more work .
that sounds like a really difficult occupation to do ! you sound determined to be a huge that just future in__unk__ er and i can ' t imagine being one of your already trained gravners ! have you taken the time to complete your degree ? have you made college decisions for any career .
i have also been very nervous at that part , and it ' s not my fault the pandemic has been so horrible in the last couple of years . what i think is more important is making a clear effort in the career and regarding the future i believe it is important to make that sacrifices .
how do you try to put your resources into the pandemic ? are you doing what you can to show how you can get through this and come out on top in the primary academic construction as a attending profession ?
that ' s how i worked it out and i had a lot of extra hours during the stem run , even though i was a normal* optician and i have friends who took my degree for an only 4 year after they became a pactively employed __unk__ final )
__unk__ good boss is so loyal so you can respect him by sharing his work , that seems very good in every aspect of your life .
i know that it is tough for you right now but i think you have a great sense of how to be successful and given something to grow in your life .
are you at all good at this new job you are in ?
have you started seeing other employers at all ? do you have any idea how you could contact any of them in the two years or so you are in your current workplace .
you definitely have both an income and good heart which can make you do what you enjoy
i am very sorry you were left a path that didn ' t follow the in your eyes that you always wanted . life is full of surprises , so that is how you have to deal with it .
you can keep your career even though you can ' t find a job because you keep going .
maybe depending on the field you have you could go to a volunteer school if you feel you could do a very good job .
i like this class ! and what a great decision it was for you . keep your chin up .
i want to get career back in you ' ll have a job in that time because education may open new doors for your family .
i think that with some serious schooling , the both you and your school advisor might understand what you ' re going through
its just i think it would be more a step of getting this move in the direction of your career and getting another job to have you around
hello * how can i help you ? you want to talk more ?
that is unfortunately understandable . i can relate . sometimes it is so important to avoid distractions that i hate it when i feel i have to do something and i can ' t get things done so i try to just do it instead .
have you considered trying to write or do reading ? my two most wanted things right now are writing and yoga . i sometimes can get inspiration from other hobbies , such as mturk , but for now i ' ve been reaching out to former physicians .
have you tried giving that extra night away ? i find setting up a schedule is good for me as well . is that what you do for work ?
it is great that you are taking some time to try to get it in the microchip bag so you do not lay awake as many points .
ah , there it is . i understand being in lockdown . many suffer from that at the moment .
one that ' s so frustrating . that the pandemic is what is causing so much . it has only to bleeped into the old life at a point where the old are never given the chance to end and see the new life the i have no worry at all .
i can think of different ways to add things to your energy or endorphins that could have perhaps helped you maybe . exercising first to control endorphins might do you a better job . you could try both .
it would probably be great for you and it may take some time to build again , but if it is at all possible , you should put the effort into just doing one aspect at a time and just let it dry on and let it persstrong in your brain while you wait for the results to
i had the same issue when i first started exercising as well as a diet . it took some strength and vitamin d to find motivation .
no problem
what have you already done to get rid of the covid ?
hi - nice to meet you ! how are you today ?
ok , i see what you are going on about . is it correct that you need help from a trusted friend of you ? is it possible that you can ' t find a stable friend while you are looking looking for help ?
thats not really whats wrong
ignore your friend that is selfish , maybe let her know you are ready to take it back
can you contact her and tell her what she is doing to you , does that sound possible ?
may i ask you if there was anything that she did to break it off
yes of course , people show how much they care and you did the right thing
if you wanted to reach out
give the messages to her like you have had no contact or work work since : )
if she don ' t believe you then she does not want to be you , maybe this is the part that is bothering her .
hang out with friends ?
how long has she spoken to you ?
that sounds really tough , let ' s take some deep breaths
you ' re welcome : ) i enjoy speaking with you
its my pleasure : )
what about it is making you feel sad ? did this or were things really badly not doing well ?
it sounds like you have been working there your whole life ! it isn ' t your fault . it can take a while for the extra time that you are working there , but it will come as a fireworks ! they do it for someone in your community for really that reason .
i ' m so sorry . that is definitely scary . if you keep working and are going for job you ' re a sure way to get where you are at no matter how things go and it can take a very long time for things to work out .
unfortunately i do not have a lot of experience with work . i had my fair share of experience of not being able to understand the work we had during my time and my expectations in life sometimes amount to those of us who have no understanding of it .
when i lost my job for sure it was a permanent position that i was happy when i reached out to some working people . i felt better . i used to hate working , now i feel better as i sometimes do .
you ' re very welcome . i hope i could help you even if it has become a tough time . you deserve to feel supported and take control of your life . you are doing all you can to be good and recover from this .
yes i have a resume you can look at that gives you great job search potential .
once you have done some work , you can find a coworker that will volunteer in your local mood for more job work . also perhaps applying online for jobs has supported your depression in the past .
i understand it is a very hard situation . however the right time to quit is also important . it is good you reached out to support and the right people for you in the future . you can reach out for support if you are able to during this difficult time .
thank you for reaching out !
all will be ok for the next 10 !
but no you not finishing lol . what do you want to do to end this session ?
yes please hit finish . goodbye and good bye .
you are very welcome . i also have a friend and family that you could talk to and express your feelings . i could maybe explain a few ideas in a few messages . i have done that and it is very helpful .
hi and exascly what we have now ? what may i ask for a tohseland ?
i can now __unk__ how could i not see it now ?
i know i ' m very sorry you are not getting support . perhaps , the service is just not your speed . how can i help you ?
can you tell me about your job ? how do you find it lucrative ?
i know it ' s difficult to have a job right now , but i know you can get through this ! there are you right now !
okay , so , have you looked into some positions that you are applying for right now ? maybe with unemployment ? and even without employer support , you would still have a job that would definitely not be secure .
okay , so perhaps the only thing you can do is find a job that you have more problem with or on track for , so that the other person is able to complete their assignment and take up another job ? that is my best advice .
that ' s a good second job . that is , i suppose , a great one . you will definitely earn that kind of time for yourself . have you thought of being a little more involved in your own destiny , which is your individual interest ?
i think that is a very strong positive fear that you have of the pandemic coming this summer . i would recommend google and indeed - - you may see someone through that if that ' s an option . have you done a set job interview yourself before this pandemic ?
have you been checking out these online websites as well as some for your online work , such as cour__unk__ to - call and other opportunities available ? a careers suggest online , indeed , or indeed com might have ideas for a new workforce to start from ?
do you know any other new employers you are in contact with ?
you are welcome ! is there anything else you would like to talk about ?
i am good how can i help you ? what is the most difficult part of your life ?
your right . i ' d completely agree . it sounds like you have a really hard schedule and you have lots of coffee to take your mind off of it . it sounds like you are a body berserker !
that ' s a difficult combination , too . are there any support mechanisms in place that could help keep you full to function on normal and not a little under eh ?
for some i have a kind of high energy diaper for it . i sleep very much __unk__ worrying myself and preparing for life too . i can ' t sleep without one .
if that is enough sleep , you should try setting the alarm at 2 am , staying at bed before waking up for 10 minutes . get your blood boiling as well as for 15 minutes before you go to bed . have a good night ! i believe it might help !
i use alarms as a break room . i woke a lot of people up that way , but i felt it helped me felt better . have you tried any group programs , like c__unk__ aai , or a gym ?
and they ' re so fun to use and the feeling of having soft and soft is so nice !
that sounds like it is a great time to get your body used to being this tired then - and you deserve it - even if it can just sound ' neat , ' it feels awesome when you finally do . . __unk__ your work schedule is rather top heavy , that it is hurting quite a bit .
one of my suggesting is making exercise a fresh ripoff , i hate the labor of any and all __unk__ in my case , i began to hour put 50__unk__ wakes the most __unk__ or ) of any morning .
it sounds like it is getting to you . maybe if you try meditation over something like hot shower to help that a bit it might be better for you . or are you just really good with sleep ?
meditation seems to have helped me with lots of things before and after sleep ! __unk__ do you think you can try that with anything else ?
i love listening to it when i sleep __unk__ when i can
i take it you are talking about your house ? is there any inside you can pull out a night dim lamp ? there are plenty of good thermometer plans out there . there are some tracks that you could download from youtube .
welcome , you ' re most welcome .
have you discussed it with anyone before ? please tell me a bit about the experience you have had .
you ' re so welcome , i hope you have a wonderful day too !
why is that ? i am here for you if you would like to talk cp .
my grandmother died the past year so i know how you are feeling . i have been to that stage too . sometimes i just want to chat about it . i hope i have been able to understand you as you are doing essentia . i know how tough life is at times .
how long has your close friend been passing away ? that is a difficult time that i have had .
i see you are doing both a trying to keep and ex__unk__ bear contact and isolating so you are both acting as though you are a great listener
does he have any past that has ended in loss or what have you in common that you wouldn ' t know ?
it sounds as though you are a very concerned person who is worried about you as a person . i have experienced this in the past and sometimes i like to think that it was for the best . are you worrying that the cause of your worried is different from what the people are experiencing right now ?
is he lying on the other side or doing other things ?
sometimes physical contact might help before you can talk in the dark . you might find that there are different strategies he might use to help you move and take a look .
it sounds like the talking might have been true !
it sounds like you might be having an extremely stressful time ahead of you . this can be a fear that you should be avoided at all costs .
it is absolutely within you to put your fears aside and your fear in order to have the ability to manage your mind and mind
after that try to see what you like about what you have then try listening to what your friend wants to discuss you
hello how ss you feeling about your evening ? how are you feeling today ?
are you feeling happy now that you ' re having academic concerns ?
so academic probation has greatly secondary affected your mturk level ?
oh i see . it seems like a whole new world this year , i understand . have you tried talking to professors as well as i i did in the past and doing the difficult things you could learn from them ?
you can definitely graduate during the pandemic ! is your situation changing much or are you just trying to get out of the college ?
wow ! that is very impressive . you are studying economics as well ! what can i encourage you to do to so that your education can get better at graduation ?
do you think you have the reasoning that you were off ? or did you feel that it was a serious option for you to stay and do what was best for you and your family during this pandemic ?
or you could drop it and be a engineering major ! you sound smart ! you even have a and a psychologist . you should definitely take a no - privilege class with me because i am working and i got grants and you can have nice , supportive relationships in relationships with another class .
remember that you will be a senior and it will be okay in the short term for you . not so important in the long run as it will feel oh so speat when you see your kids face it .
it ' s also a very good thing you want to get a break from the pandemic , because you can be even more stressed if you don ' t at least take some part time . online classes have been terrible for me as well .
good of you to keep of that goals for a longer time . you have a great attitude and a great spirit that is building in yourself . it sounds like you have this all coping with you , and will have you very proud .
it sounds like you are being with it a lot of people , and it shows that you have so much on your plate , and you feel confident you have it . you are a worthy student who is having a great season !
hello
i can understand that its hard to be attraction to your ex__unk__ wife right now but what can you do to take that weight off ?
its normal to feel stressed right now , when the physical is the most important thing you are trying to do
i can feel your confidence when you talk it to someone ! some people can lose weight really quickly and it can be sooo challenging at times . but exercise is also one of the most common tempers a child can lose weight with .
i have been in the same position before and it helps to learn how to and do control your weight .
i see . did your doctor see you taking that test ? they are usually good for food . if you were a deadbeat , i would tell that to the judge and find out what you had really done .
or you could get a child free nanny at a family gig
what do you think you will do to help your self be more healthy ? have you tried to seek professional help ?
the economic and social pandemic has been key during the pandemic . i am happy to offer you some solutions to get out the house , even if it is in california . have you tried going to different universities to find out where the option is necessary ?
maybe he has an anxiety to it since you just have been living in california ?
you can set up your own facebook group that you can go to and talk about what has you triggered a weight loss phase and make a call with your family .
hello definetely great person from my couch hello can i have a bit of a conversation ?
i am sorry to hear that it can be hard time for people to stay connected during it yes i know too
what do you mean by that
i am here to listen to you the different ways people are different are even more difficult for me
is she on the political frended or just you in general ?
have you got a list of issues that people have that you have to focus on instead of those that you actually care about ?
well , i would keep in mind that in your friendship she is also being genuine .
hmm , that does sound a bit of politics , maybe you could tell her that some people have been upset with you about it too . would it really change her mind ?
why do you think she is upset ? is there another reason she is upset ?
well , things that are imvert in the professional is a good way to look at things from her perspective so i would suggest that she have been in that sort of position or she just needs to calm down a bit .
yes , it definitely sounds like you would have made the right decision . this is the next phase of her new life and you want to bring that up now that you have been with your friends for so long .
you ' re welcome . i hope you enjoy your day as well . goodbye !
hello ' s up , my name is sue , how are you ?
have you been feeling depressed or lost about what you are going through ?
how do you feel that the situation has frustrated you ?
i can definitely relate to that , especially when we think it ' s this overwhelming thing going on at the moment . it ' s hard when the times so easily boastsome things are running in your life .
do you want to talk about the break up ? talking about it is okay in my opinion ! sometimes talking with others can help make us understand more about things we actually believe in . or being open to chat is good as well as a general decomdecomjust .
i know it can really make you feel how you are feeling . i ' ve been in that situation too . time to let go can be an absolutely eling thing for you . i really hope you at least talk it out with him . i ' m glad you have your space .
i ' m sorry you have to go through that ! did you tell him that you didn ' t think he was right ? maybe you should talk about it again ?
i am here for you and have your best interests at heart
have a good and down day .
you are so welcome .
you are welcome , i hope it works out well . i know you will do great in the future .
happy i could be of help and i hope you all can work it out too
i am doing okay how are you feeling today ?
what kind of work are you currently wanting to do ?
it sounds like you ' re looking for a starting point and being unable to really start it .
what can i do for you to help you ? is there something you can do that makes you feel right ? is there anything that you would like to talk about ?
it could be a good deal of anxiety for you if you would have no way to get back on the trail right now : ) do you have another form of work that you do where it is possible you get to do that first ?
i found it helps to have breathing exercise that i can excel at . the good things are from stress in the morning to ah ! to have exercise during a stressful day .
it ' s been beneficial for me to try it . i am not totally sure what the problem is at the moment though . i think things are affecting my days but i can ' t do anything about it .
well i really think that the feeling of either mindfulness or counseling has slowly gotten better over the last year - i have also had more anxiety over it as well but it ' s not exactly unheard of from a professional __unk__ have you tried to do this before ?
wow , that does sound a bit tiring for some people - that could even make you move or hurt people if you think too much about it !
of course i can relate to that ! that would be quite the problem for you though .
my pleasure , thank you for sharing your personal problems with me !
oh , ah okay .
and take care
oh i am sorry to hear that you are so depressed
that ' s tough , i ' m sorry that happened to you . i don ' t think it ' s as though the breakup didn ' t happen the first time it has .
have you spoken with her after that to let her know how you were feeling ? is it because you broke up with her or because you found it hard when you had it before ?
what have you been doing that have been helpful ?
what do you have that is making you feel so much better about this ? is it possible that it has caused your anger so much that it isn ' t able to let you be happy ?
i totally understand that feeling when i ' m with a person i love so much . i have also been single for so long . sometimes it can be just as good to have someone you know in the background .
i don ' t have a girlfriend , i do love my family though . it would be great for you to be with her during quarantine . what have you had that does so much for you ?
do you think that this is going to be your only go to coping since it has been a relatively recent break up ?
do you have a particular holiday in mind ?
that ' s always good to get some outside support . what are your dogs doing these days ?
my pleasure , i wish you a really good rest of your day !
well , i can see that would be very upbeat of you , when you were the one that got it .
i ' d say two or three years . it just might not be as great as that , but i wouldn ' t wait too long . one if they know your mind will adjust to a new life and some move on if it is to something that ' s not recent .
i think sometime is the best time to set a goals . try to have a good attitude and if you ' re not well liked , well . . .
don ' t worry , you ' ll get you ! there are also lots of socially acceptable ways to meet people that you don ' t know or would not accept .
you can try dating , if there is passion in your family and it ' s common right now
that ' s right for you , if you ' re feeling the right way keep all your hobbies
hello wantonly hello . how may i assist you ?
how are you doing for it
you and i can feel how you are feeling i am in the same situation when i just last i the exam on can it be hard
you don ' t have to do what you are home then
is there maybe a study guide or class group i could reach you with people there to help you then you can start studying again when you can have more time to do your work
yes that can help to relax your mind
online can take more than you can understand
with one month give a month and you will feel better
yes i try and study more
don ' t be afraid to hang out with all your family and friends that help you and focus on your studies
that ' s great that you can pass it too because i know your spirit
bye
hello s__unk__ 5 , what is your name ?
what is that problem ?
you can explain this to your classmates , so they can improve your grade
yes i do - i studied it . i fell i am very much at apah now and i am preparing for my exams .
i really do enjoy anything with numbers . those classes are difficult at first , but for the first few i thought i had it in the park . i couldn ' t pass . have you thought about getting your sat score and grade + 60 because that ' s what you ' ve been worrying about ?
that would be a very difficult learning class
i once had a similar problem in the mornings when i went to school . i didn ' t have the tuition to pay for it . it really wasn ' t my main concern to experience that in the first place . i would have tried other forms of study to try to remajise myself .
what do you think you can do with the though that the university has given you ?
are there any online tutors you could try chatting with or understanding why you feel the way you do on the exam will be normal and you will retaking the grade ?
i ' ve noticed that college application websites are in the evenings . i ' ve been there once or twice .
it ' s all in the heart . it can feel like you have no confidence you will do well at that one . good luck with it !
i sure do hope you do and i will get your confidence back as well .
okay you too !
i ' m sorry to hear that - - how are you feeling e . g . are you nervous during finals ?
that really is not good . i ' ve never have classmates behave that way . i know how much it is normal to be so overwhelmed ! when did you start studying ?
are there any other feelings in this tough time that you are having to deal with this exam that is making you anxious about it , or is it more of a peaceful thing to do ?
it ' s okay to get sick in that time but it sounds like that really would take a lot of mental courage . that is the hardest part of working , but at least your school won ' t be going through the same difficulties as you !
that is tough , but it ' s a good first step !
that sounds like it was great that it was mindfulness it really helps calm the mind .
that sounds like a really helpful sound bite ! you sound so initiative !
you can even get free certification courses online if you feel that you really want it .
yes i see . sometimes i take 2 nights of gaming before studying for my exam . i only got 3 . i definitely try not to think about it too hard . it helps to find happy days . you are not alone and have to balance your time that you have and your energy .
some family groups just like to talk with you and have a open and honest discussion __unk__ 11 )
that ' s great ! it really must be nice living by yourself all day . i know i ' ve been together with friends who never moved in , i can tell that that ' s really what ' s keeping me around .
great what is on your mind ?
what ' s your favorite time of the day ?
is it a chemical situation ? what is it like right now where you are ? would you like to tell me more about it ?
do you think you would be able to leave those security cameras on you ?
ah thats good . my sister is also staying with her family for the holidays so you definitely can feel at home more . how are your finances going with your family during that time ?
i hope it ' s enough to make you some kind of happy holidays .
do you have any plans or plans for it then ?
oh nice , so you know you can come out ok on the holidays then ! i sure hope my i did too , you may do awesome , my mom is the same way .
finals can definitely do that in a first go hahaha .
if it helps at all you should feel better when you have time to take the important things away from the stress , just on those things .
you are welcome .
if i don ' t feel i can help you , i will try . goodbye and take good care of you .
by the way , you and i hope it all work out .
is there anything else you would like to talk about right now ?
no problem ! what is up ?
would you like to tell me whats going on ? i can surely understand why people are having this question !
is it possible that you were always there for the patient and that this is what is causing the anxiety and fear at the moment ?
is it possible that you are feeling somewhat stressed because you are worried your current job might not really work out ?
there are several options . not all have a system in place currently . you can google it and see what sites are using your state opdata option .
i also have trouble at the moment but i am trying to look at it from another perspective . do you have any relatives that you are close to that will support you and would be willing to help with starting the start of the journey ?
maybe that would have some help as well
it might not help much but it could be helpful . i think it can be a great start ! it is a good thing that you have not needed to see anyone . it has maybe a potentially positive endorphins in you and could help you feel more calm .
yes i have and i can imagine how devastating it is for you right now .
thank you for talking to me that i thank you for the support i have been receiving and i wish you all the very best with your situation too . i believe that you will get through it though i believe it is only time . i can not wait for you to feel better now .
the tough part is that you can ' t just go ask for a unemployment check right now i hear you aren ' t getting a restart .
you are so welcome .
all you have to do is submit a right foodparty !
can you press quit from your end ?
bye : )
i can totally understand that . i have the same issue with my family . what you might want to try is trying to look outside as much as you can so that you can avoid putting your fear into that unknown . please know that it is safe to do that have the blood test at all times !
prepare for it if the virus are normalng in the corona regions , that is , the risk is definitely managable , it ' s been awful and the local boyz are the new try hard and fear in us now .
i dont believe there is any end as it is making it so difficult to believe we would be vaccinated and they cant control it but i really hope they do in the come year
i have also personally had a hard time staying at home as well , due to the pandemic and the doctor who i hope to be ) was able to empathize .
i have faith that you will have a safe space . it sounds like you know your rights and can make a short call to your doctor about a momentary absence . the struggle is real and you are doing it the right way because you are worried about getting out .
i have as well been in this same situation . we have a home to ourselves that doesn ' t give a lot of attention as it would if we had extra stuff going on , and i tried to think of our family as well as the people that care for us .
i agree completely .
yes , exposure therapy has only done things so far .
exposure therapy is a great alternative ! you could learn a some exercise that you can even use or research ! you always get our what we don ' t control . no matter if we get it or not it seems we just never get it or its good to try .
what are some options to you have for reaching that mindset ?
people have a control that you can control , we just have a hard time sticking to it . it ' s okay to be upset . do you want to run with me at the end of this it was too far for you ?
i often worry as well and i understand why you are worried - it sounds like you are a very competent enough character and we do our best in our peer groups and this anxiety is being obematized in their
be patient and aware of those who are already feeling this way and your relationship with the others .
there might also be a support group for what you are doing now . ask a few friends and maybe they may be able to join you and try out some support groups for the anxiety and fear .
i would take it one step at a time , do you have the week off ? it could help you just a bit ?
you are welcome . i hope you and your partner have a great night !
good , how can i support you today
what are you doing for the day ? i would be happy to help you do that .
maybe you could try one of her meeting a family members and encourage them to meet you there and he ' s now providing more attention to your behalf ? we all try to share stories that the children can relate to as well . it can really help to learn new people !
i ' m so sorry to hear that . are you in counseling at the moment ?
i completely understand it . it is very easy for a woman to get emotionally abusive with someone who was not at all close to her . she is now really in a better frame of mind and as well as with you . have you this happened with the two of you before ?
it sounds like you feel she can easily do it if you try and work to move on from her relationships .
you can try and tell me what the results will be so i can i can talk with you a bit more in a more positive way
it ' s been a pleasure talking to you . i know she will reach out for you this extra time so you are both very lucky to have family and friends that you are closest with .
do you have another couple of kids that you can share that love with ? it is wonderful that she is helping .
take care . you have to talk with your __unk__ your two best friends around !
i ' m sorry that you have been what you have been : ( have you ever been i know this is rough to hear , you don ' t want to hear that . i ' m so so sorry it happened to you . that was so unfair of you .
have a wonderful christmas and thanks for sharing !
i can tell you are not being very well by saying that . i both of you are not doing very well so what are you feeling like you might not feel great ?
oh no . i ' m so sorry that you ' re going through that . that is so tough to have to go through . how did you guys end up doing that ?
is there any way you could fight with him on that as you have now to do so , is that possible ?
5 years has it been so long that you not having the money had started to make you at least move on ?
oh that ' s a while away . would your mom possibly be interested in seeing how long you can stay together for ? she might have something to look for that would really help your feelings and hopefully be able to manage it !
that definitely sounds stressful and it sounds like you are trying so hard ! that sounds really hard being out in so much other people that you love so much . i ' m so sorry that you are having to go through that .
yes it does take a little while for everything to make sense , so make sure you start with the most basic areas and not the crazy things that are just that overwhelming to you !
i agree ! i believe that if you stick to it and do your best you will be able to at least make it through this difficult !
okay , i have just really been struggling with this , and i hope that you can find the things that will make you feel better at a given time , and that at the moment you can talk it through with your friend or family and make your future happy .
what can i help you with today ? i can tell that you have a lot of health problems .
it sounds like you aren ' t sure if you are ok going back to school after covid though i can see why you wouldn ' t want to do that .
how is that specific season so far ?
i definitely agree that you shouldn ' t repeat a school you have always considered your first job . that ' s only one side of a devastating situation , it is never always right for everyone , it sounds like you are trying your best and i do think that the schools care as much as you do .
i would not give in if i were you , i would get to see that option as well
it sounds like you have a good head on your shoulders . you don ' t have to rush . you don ' t have any business making the decisions that have put the exams off ! you seem like you have a common goal to achieve that through school !
sure , no , they are a free but most websites let you use zoom or skype sometimes .
you are not the only one and it sounds like you are willing to take the step to get started and still have a good mindset . i am glad i have been to this step and i dont have any of these , it took me that long as well as being after my final exams .
it sounds like you can only do it when you have people willing to help you , so at least it seems you have a plan .
you have a great night too !
so you ' re sad today for existing
how do you feel about your life right now ? i know 3 months is a long time , but what i ' ve tried really is getting deep into my depression and trying to figure out what are the hang ups in my life . that ' s what i do .
i ' m so sorry . that sounds like it was hard on you , especially since the child that started learning how to do the things you are here to help . you must be hurting yourself a lot if you ' re not doing anything about it at all .
i had a si__unk__ spouse that was also very occupied with online learning . one day we had an online bet about our education and we could read some different creative things , it was nice .
have you tried using a video chat to really have a good conversation with your children and maybe they will get the motivation they need to keep on going as you and your partner may respond that way to your suggestion ?
have you discussed how he is being cruel towards you as you are doing ? or does he think he will leave if he is not offering ?
okay . so is there anything else you would like to talk to me about ?
you ' re welcome . this is definitely a difficult time for you to be happy with the way things are , and i ' m very proud of you for making it this far . you can do this , no matter how difficult it might be .
you too , take care !
i know how - i ' m really sorry you feel that way - it can be very isolating and i can feel sad too . i hope you are okay !
why are you getting food from food banks if you aren ' t that sad right now ? is there something going on that you want to do to stop it ?
are you just having a hard time eating at food banks in general or is it also hard to see people in great efforts at eating at food bank ? i am so sorry this is happening to you . i am sure you are full of it .
it is a slippery slope you are not the first to reach this . it is too common that it is to blame the actions of those around you or your family . is that correct ?
i see that i just got my three kids sick due to due exposure . i can feel your struggle . you are completely welcome and i know it is too hard at the moment . but you have the right to feel however you feel right now if you need to .
you ' re very worthy of having that sort of social support . however i would suggest looking into food banks for sure they are not usually all that well afford but some of them might provide you the some food that you would normally need .
i am very very happy to hear that and so that you have someone to be around to support you , i am sure you will feel much better and that you are trying really hard to do it .
i am very happy to here it . if you need any additional support , just let me know . i hope it was helpful . have a great day .
of course i think you will do great . i was very good for you not only but very valuable to a lot of people . you will feel great and support this . i hope you can reach out for support because that would be great .
yes , my suggestion is that you try to feel supportive so that you will connect with people in your life at this time .
i have an emergency breakthrough that i could not use during lockdown . it really helped me to recover from the depression .
are there any important things that are in your plans for after you get a good rest of it all up in the air and put in your schedule ? what about a job you would like to do right now but just lack the extra some would be willing to do ?
i agree it ' s not all that good but i try to have as good a attitude as i can
what do you want to do after this is over ? you are happy with what you have and feel good ?
how are you today ?
i am sorry to hear that . are you currently finding new ways to cope with depression ? or are you , you would have previously noticed ?
sorry i had to leave my covid app was afk . is there anything in particular that is on your mind that i can ' t just go away from ?
i was totally away . i did have a spending expedition on a gift they brought along for christmas one christmas , but i moved it to my son ' s so i ' m sure your children have been doing that . i also get it .
if you are free to do what you want to do while your kids have some things it could also be to try to not commercialize this holiday season
no i ' m not i don ' t have kids actually but my grandmother did have a dinner plate decorated for christmas ! i think of taking it with a deep breathe and giving it a try , instead of baking .
or would you need to wait until christmas for your kids to get off of their priors ?
if they are really shopping right now i wouldn ' t tell any of them that you don ' t make christmas money and make it come a santaine"
have you anyone at the family trees at this point ? maybe try to follow from your kids ' porch at some point and you guys will definitely try doing something more bigger !
that would be an amazing idea ! haha ! sometimes it is just so much fun making ornaments !
that is great that you want that ; )
what would you do if you were having small presents , which are sometimes very grateful in return ? did you buy them more than you would like ? maybe you can open one in a sweet center if you can .
that sounds great ! i wish you all the best ! and you ' re welcome .
what are you doing today ?
is it possible that the friend is ignored ? i am sorry that you are sad .
i see you have a problem with your friend ignoring you . is it correct to have a relationship that can be cancelled at this time ? sometimes sometimes it can hurt you .
what do you do to make you feel better
are you have any hobbies or have any more people you can socialize with today ?
do you feel good to be around others even though you don ' t like them
i make friends first by talking to people and i help people and try to make new friends with people that have the same interests
just listen for sure
no problem glad i could be some help
of course
and remember the best way to make new friends is to talk to people who are not the same
your welcome i wish you all the best
hello ' s coming up great how are you doing this evening ?
what does that mean ? how can i help you today ?
i understand . what did the incident look like ? is it something new or did something happen ?
ah i see it is this so you are speaking from experience in relationships ? well i am male i identify as a female which has not always been my problem but i used to fight with my girlfriend a lot when i was a kid .
since your not the other sister i will ask if you ' d like some ideas for support for you . i honestly don ' t know a lot about it and don ' t do that as well . you said you were female by the way . are you male or female ?
are you feeling that you are having a hard time because of your ex ?
sometimes people are just all - around fanatics , and it ' s good to go in peace .
i can tell that you are not trying to correct that , you are being wrong . that is something most people need to do when they get a chance to look at what is going on in everyone around them .
you ' d have to press the button for the line to fail to say anything and she seems like she is going through a tough time . would she do this in your presence ? or would you just have to press the button to stop the fight ?
that has certainly made you feel like you are the bad guy , i ' m sorry you have to deal with this .
i ' m sure that you haven ' t seen her like that in forever . if she doesn ' t realize it , it has no right to make it any stronger or worse .
think of the little things . she has been making a terrible phone call for so long now that she just seems to think you don ' t have to leave .
thanks . you can click quit and take a survey .
and have your two messages be with you when your baby is born
i am so sorry that you are struggling . can you tell me why you think you are having a bad time in school ? ?
it ' s no wonder that you have trouble being focused on school when you grow up so isolated . i myself can understand your situation .
i have the same frustrations at school but my first step at school is taking a day at the end of school to get my mind off of it .
do you feel that maybe school is holding you back from a better education ?
what do you think will help you ? do you have any friends and neighbors who may have experienced some of the same situations ?
that sounds very , very hard for you . i would be too . i can tell you really do not want to hear that ! i can ' t even go as far as talking to a teacher .
have you tried any trouble making you have ?
it sounds like you are having a hard time getting your point across .
do you have any friends who you can identify as your closest friends and keep your space ?
i love singing too ! have you thought of talking with a professional about it ?
true , there are many peers who don ' t like to hear your voice at school either . it is very helpful to connect with people in your life who want to help you . what do your parents think of you this year ? have you spoken with your close family members about this ?
have you heard of the hob" ?
i have actually also had this happen to me as well . it doesn ' t seem to be a lot though .
i actually actually have that problem with my parents as well . i ask if they would like to take me on a walk with a friend . my parents can do that from time to time . i just do it with the expectation that i won ' t .
i think you are very capable of making that ison .
you ' re so welcome . it ' s so nice talking to you ! i know this will make you feel so better .
of course i think you are a great listener and i ' m glad you have heard all the best . you sound like you are in a good place . what about you want to talk about today ?
hi , i am doing well ' how are you '
well i ' m sorry to hear that i ' ve had those same feelings happen .
what is is are you
women are prettiguas so yes you can say that you are not used to that so you are thinking in many different ways . you need to come out of that they are all different so i am saying if you are able to get over your girlfriend its something thats different .
the good way to move on is in seeking to try to get over her . if you are not feeling any pleasure now try looking for other hobbies . i would maybe talk to a virtual support group with friends or a game that you can have games for .
you really don ' t know that much people about other people . you are asking what people are like .
yes that is a good saying of that it is totally normal to feel that way in a mirror or physical situations . and being close to people you don ' t have feelings for might help .
maybe a coffee date with just you ? do you have any interest in coffee and even just chatting ?
maybe on lunch or coffee you can ask her to get coffee and maybe two or three different snacks or maybe tell her that you have some of the coffee in the coffee and she could be there to talk and give you a min .
okay . it was good to have you with me . i have hope that i can help you with a better way to deal with this .
how are you doing today ? do you have anything on your mind that i can help you with today ?
so you are having depression at the moment ? that must really depressing .
do you think it is a depression ? are you able to have something that acts on your energy , like exercise or a new job to make you feel better ?
i know it can be tough these days . it is a difficult time . i ' m very sorry about that . do you feel i have a manipulation issue to work through ?
have you had any any contact with your children ? maybe someone has interest in you ?
that is good that you are keeping them in a healthy relationship !
it is not easy being that we have to deal with the outside things also . i have also suffered from depression so this is all very important for me .
that sounds really reasonable . i would encourage your children to be as similar as they can be to you so that you can communicate and have some of that talk with your parents . you will be incredibly grateful for having to work for those without access to a source of income .
that ' s great that you have a daughter with a sense of boundaries
i have spoken with a therapist that i have been absolutely your lifecut for . thank you so very much for your being what you are . we all need support from time to time .
that is the spirit , you take care of your family __unk__ subscription
remember that you need to be really close to your child though , even in the most rough situations things are really important and we are all hard very soon
hello 20 minutes and something i feel i may already know .
oh i am so sorry to hear that . what is on your mind that you are worrying about ? i can understand how that would anxiety like ' s can be so hard for you to deal with .
oh i understand , i just got divorced a couple of months ago . it ' s a losing time for sure . i know the feeling . my ex , i don ' t have enough time to think about the wrong things right now - i just want to be in a better time that i do .
oh it definitely sounds like you are just taking it slow , so i think that it ' s important you have the space to really spend time with your family .
what are some things you are struggling with ?
that is an exhausting situation . would you like to reach out with that support again ?
that sounds like a really good time . covid has given the emotional and emotional toll it takes on family to deliver to a covid home .
is there anything specific that is bothering you that is causing you to be upset about it ?
what do you and your family do for fun at this time in iowa ? what about your brother or sister ? is that your significant other ' s family members where you are ?
you ' re so welcome . i hope i was of some help .
are you sure that they aren ' t honest with you ? it does not seem like they are always honest to me , in my situation i could try that , but when i tell them i ' m not why i , i can often do a better to share those details .
they ' re people you have known for a long time and that just because you ' re there doesn ' t mean you should do anything they have to do .
i believe you could figure it out if you try to .
all you can do is keep doing it and you will get a connection . that is an important step in building an online based relationship .
you shouldn ' t have an issue . other people might if they don ' t like you .
yes . in some countries it ' s also legal to speak and the sign language is japanese . but that just means you have to identify the people that you see using your video chat as a source .
okay !
i think you ' ll be fine there
yes i totally recommend joining one . look online for any of those activities __unk__ reddit __unk__ hit . also because of how its online , there are a lot more localised societies that also hosting modin activities . a group that you can meet online can get you started if you like those .
do you have any local friends you can be near that you can go to a meetup ? maybe you could go just a few nights .
why are you worrying about being rejected at first ? have you been to any well lighting classes or any funny music classes ?
yes i wouldn ' t do that . if you find some people that you connect with even while you study at a school then you will not get rejected . that is a trust you are sharing with a people that you are already socializing with .
if you have a lot going on in your life , you will be fine . there are so many great childhood friends that will follow that initiative . take care of your emotions !
don ' t be too hard on yourself if you think you are too early ! you know you are right too !
what is their problem ?
do you mean that they don ' t listen to you when they do it is the dark turns that you speak with your children and they don think it is okay
just teach them how to do fine in grade one
just teach them in another way
it take a little time to live to it get them through it like just start them with on and then yeah you can play
your welcome
ok , have you always walked with your parents
yeah but they are only the treat if it is paid for
try harder next time with more material
just focus on what they do next it will help
then do your children study is always a good time
i am so sorry to hear that , breakups are very hard , why do the break up are you on ?
how are you feeling today ? is there a specific situation that has happened that is making you upset about it ?
oh i am so sorry . what specific reasons are in the breakup ? if i may ask .
well that is very understandable of you . having issues when you live in a place with no foryourself certainly does not help at all . are there any ways you have lost contact ?
i see , so you feel that you are not focusing on your studies ?
that is the hardest thing that you ' ve ever going through .
what would you like to talk about today ? maybe i can more describe what i would like to talk about .
it ' s okay to change goals when you have the courage and ambition to it . you have every right to make that same change if you want . maybe , when you do it it will give you something to do . i think you can achieve your goal if you keep making it the goal .
you are very welcome ! i am proud of you all of the best and i believe you can do it !
i hope you do .
have you decided what kind of goals you are aim to accomplish ?
you don ' t want to feel if you can ' t feel it right now . i can tell that you are feeling very satisfied with your relationship with your doctor . you have everything you need and i have the best of intentions to work through that ! you are very welcome .
you have to click the quit before you make it to work . if you have to finish by the end of the day do it . you have to press quit to finish . the button to continue this program . it can ' t go first .
hello high__unk__ five , my name is forty four percent you ' d want a minute and take care of yourself good afternoon !
i am good what about you
thats great , i know that you will get through it
oh ok i see . you must be very young . is your budgets tight ?
i am so sorry that you feel that you have no money because you dont have the money to borrow . is this the case ?
have you tried to talk to your uncle about it ?
it is a tight race that you can ' t just eat . you can have it definitely , you know you will not fail out because you are trying your best !
i would talk to your advisor or have your advisor check to see if you are okay on hold for a little while .
have you talked to any financial aid if you are in the city
would you like to sign something and go to my friends and tell them what is going on in your college
how are you all getting the medical certificate ? if i may ask how did the papers come out do you have to finish the application or is it your financial aid ?
how did your school handle the schools excesion in the current you ?
i am sure your friends and family could provide you with information on a phone , not your doctor though as i don ' t know if they can . have you had any other important conversations with your doctor ?
maybe you can do it in person .
that is good !
please don ' t give up . i have the support of my parents who i care for . if your in doubt you could take loans to recaulate the loan .
you also i am happy i could be of some assistance and to you
you as well .
you as well
hello how is your , how are you doing today ?
how are you doing today ?
what is the matter , my friend ?
how long was the relationship ?
my best girl hit on me so i was so angry she isnt any more for me
what do you have more of a likright
don ' t you just keep it if for i ' ve learned you don ' t give up
i do all of my stuff alone with my friends to make an even better time with my girlfriend and family
yeah it might be time but know you can do it i do it because i have just started a new girl i met at my 2020s
i ' m sure she will come back eventually just take your own way lol
lol if you like smoking don ' t quit smoking don ' t keep going smoke break now .
smoking you like smoking to cope you said it but maybe by trying to think more maybe she ' s smoking and will end up by you and that ' s why you feel bad
i am doing well thank you , i am here for you . how are you feeling ? i am doing great !
oh no i am so sorry to hear that ! so , you are worried your job will find out ? would you like to elaborate a bit ?
that sounds like a good start . do you live with your family or is it you ' re first step in saving the environment ? i can only assume you do not care that your family cant find out . do you see yourself having the same problem during your work shift ?
my previous job was outside of my expertise and i got the odd strict request from my employer . it was not working that i really gave up .
have you tried practicing at a few meetings ? you could get advice for that ?
i think you could speak to your doctor about your health care situation , it is very likely that your employer will be able to tell if you are not ok because they won ' t think you are having any alcohol ?
it sounds like you are dealing with a great deal at this point . just put it in writing and check to see if they have any suggestions you could try to have .
i can definitely feel your worry there . have you spoken to your manager about this ? it can be a very healthy first step in your employers eyes if you take the time to tell the truth , but it is very important to find out what your co__unk__ workers are telling you .
i think you should have some open doors and talk it out when it ' s time to do something that will get the best of you .
i can tell from your couple messages that it sounds like you have made a pretty competent try , and that you have really picked the right solution . do you have another job or have they let you have one at work to take the time you need to ?
of course you should give it a try if they don ' t find you a good fit but they may be able to somehow find someone to talk to while it ' s off and have some sort of support plan for you so you can keep you job , either for yourself or a remote position .
it would also be good to tell them you have had a cup of coffee to feel comfortable about it
well i think it ' s a wonderful place to go in the middle of your search . i ' m sure it can sometimes be best to just give it some time and then take it slow for a while .
perhaps you can have some therapy sessions that while health may not be the best .
im glad : ) that might really give you something to think of when you need it : )
thanks for the advice .
sure you have free healthcare : ) it ' s so frustrating isn ' t it ?
or maybe i can talk about it with my employer and let you know what it would be that you would need . it might help to look into it and talk about how it might help you . is that what you would like to do ?
i hope so
what would you think about to say it ' s called " baking " ?
you too !
can you press quit and then press quit first so it will finish the survey : )
hello me , what do you mean , what are you doing today ?
sorry it i ' m so sorry . do you totally understand what i am about to do ?
i am sorry that is not what you are experiencing . is it not the other friends that you are still friends with ?
it ' s a tough situation and a people have to find a way to continue to be with these people . maybe you should find that someone you can be with and have a path to reaching that person . i know it ' s hard to see the friendship you have but we cannot change friendship .
i can understand your frustration , these two would just have a hard time of it . that does feel very let down !
it doesn ' t always work for the people you fight with . sometimes it just makes the situation worse and the friend just doesn ' t care .
i am sorry to hear that . is this your first fight ?
does your friend know what you are saying ? you could have a snowspot chat about it if he does , could you re__unk__ ask what he is feeling as of right now .
you are most welcome
if you give them the time , they might change their behaviour
bye and enjoy your new year !
good bye
hello how relevant to what is going on there ?
what is bothering you ? i ' m happy to , how are things going at your job ?
why don ' t you feel motivated ?
i am sorry to hear you don ' t have a motivation . i think it is important to have something that you are good at .
have you talked to anyone about how you are feeling right now ? what have you experienced from your depression in the past so far ?
sometimes we put the child who has been in the same situation and it is hard for the both of us to take it from them . sometimes the people who are in the same situation is easier to come to terms with the situation and help to feel better for those we were in that situation .
the only way you can find validation and you can relate to it is by talking to people you know __unk__ have you tried that ?
are you open to meeting other people who are who you are wanting to have family with , or are you already committed to you ?
i hope it works for you . i like to try meditation when i ' ve stress for some of the same reason you don ' t like it .
i know that others have experienced the same situation and it seems that you are willing to try it .
have you ever made a difference at work by interviewing with coworkers ? i ' ve often gone on in work__unk__ and interact with covid workers , have you ?
of you as well
can i ask how you got the grade that you was good at ?
are you in college ? in which case i would make a good in the paper .
how is it working for you ? can i ask ?
i know it ' s tough to do bad grade on paper , especially if we haven ' t done well with it . i think you can do it in your mental todo it ' s okay .
i have not , i have did the same before and got a different grade .
i was good on writing papers but i do have to study so i don ' t want to do well and give you a grade he does have a problem with the grade you are trying to grade
but you have the grade above your grade ?
i am sure you will do well on this paper then !
you are most welcome , have a wonderful 2021 just have your best picture you can review
it was a pleasure talking to you and thank you for taking it that you are going to take my advice next time you have a test in no problem
i feel that you have every right to be happy but i am sure you can do all you can with this grade
you are welcome
thank you you too !
i am so sorry to hear that , i understand the pandemic is always a stressful time . my suggestions are to just work on your self esteem and why are you even looking at a job in the urkrait ?
that is a very long time . do you feel your work not pays out to you in any way .
it sounds like you have good connection . i am sure that you have some secure position somewhere where you can manage it well . just your wife and one of you . have you got a family support system in your area that you can share your location with ?
is there one that is on a more upsetting level of technology that you may have found ? also , have you heard of mechanical engineer libraries in your area ? it is one of the better opportunities there too .
it sounds like that you are going on a bit regarding the job market . i would suggest following up with that to find another one if you haven ' t picked one already .
i have also attended many jobs in the past and found it helpful to go by phone and through friends . unfortunately , after a tough time talking to another job , i got very frustrated with the phone and phone interview and the self reresolved one .
it seems you ' re very very good with friends . do you have a serious connection with your family ?
there is a club that practices local advantage but it has something you might not already know . maybe something in a food group or maybe online forums . you could always network for a few .
that sounds important for your family . i can understand that . what field of work do you like to move to for your other job ? have you some say ?
i also have to be doing my job as best i can . so many people are traveling . have you tried doing the job just before you started this job chat or when you had that closed alone ?
i think you are definitely not . if you are looking for work in the new esports you can explore some sort of a gig money . also , see if you can look for things that you don ' t have as well in your area to support you while you can .
so , you believe that you have the right idea in the long run and you think you will use this experience to release your thinking . have you seen any doctor on finding the correct profession as an aside in your life ?
yes that is a great feeling .
yes of course . no worries and be happy you ' re in this , your life is stronger and your family will follow suit . do not put your thoughts out there on this ! you just can ' t perfect your situation or someone else is going to judge you or just try to at least try .
hello my name is darley , i am here for you anytime you would like to problem talk
what would you like to talk about ?
i have heard from colleagues that being very unfair makes us feel those situations very bad . i ' m sorry this pandemic is troubling you . can you get a recommendation ?
i can see how you are having those coworkers as your bosses . just from being a comparason i can tell that you have a lot of competitive interests in your workplace .
were you in the workplace when it started ?
well if you let the others know that you are trying to do your best to work with your colleagues in your career . would you consider taking some sort of talk with your boss or following the choices he makes you make during that time ?
ok that would be what this workplace as been dealing with . in my area of the world there are not open treatment for fair treatment for everyone and we have to be firm .
in my relationship i always give the manger a promotion because i got my opportunities . i believe you have to let that one go . i believe you are also exercising you strength and confidence which is making you that level of a better person . the people who in this workplace have that desire .
that would be a great first step . if you have found a solution and there is nothing you can do to work up from there , i don ' t think you should be allowing it to happen .
no problem . you need to let me know how it goes . this all seems very grie" to me , so i hope you feel better now . it sounds like you want someone you trust very much .
you too . i think you can do this . you can not back up your role in the workplace if you don ' t want .
hello ' s today ? what has you on your mind lately ?
how are you today ?
why not ? anything is so wrong with you right now ?
that ' s so tough . so what is it that you are worried about the least ? what is the most important part that you can wait to talk about ?
they have workers to appeal unemployment so that i understand
did you have an opportunity to make this step forward by contacting agencies to check on your resume ?
i understand that this can sometimes be hard to hear when you are so isolated , but i can also say that a speaking with your supervisor is helpful in this situation .
have you got any other experiences with other employment besides employment ?
it is really helpful when your feelings don ' t come from you in a negative way .
have you tried any other things you could do like school ?
you are welcome . i hope i have been of some help . stay safe .
well , well , i know you have to do everything you can to feel at this time in this difficult time , but i believe that you can do it ! what are you thinking about doing now ?
my hobbies are improving my life in the shopping and walking area of my neighborhood , hiking , or biking !
my pleasure and it sounds you are also feeling a bit anxious and out of work . good bye !
that is a very nice thing to share with you , thank you for sharing that with me as well .
are you a jazz your best talent , to which i have never heard of any famous jazz . do you have any good connections ?
you ' re getting a grade and he professors you don ' t consider you one at all ?
have you heard from a professional counsellor and to see if they have alternative professors who are higher up ? that is a situation which many find to be a positive that you are trying to accept as a result of your tests .
you are probably better off if you keep working at your job though . you have the work to do it . but i think it ' s important you sit well and show your worth to your professors .
maybe a therapist . you can find a great learning __unk__ dr for the university of georgia .
also i do a lot of research and have also been there in school . i find that there is a lot of opportunity to improve and also some more good for the environment . it is important to start with what other students are feeling .
have you ever considered a medical inheruch - maybe anticoptionist if that is an option ? that could be a good avenue for you to have someone listen and help you during a painful time .
that is true about your professors , you do not have to fear the same breakups that you have been through because they are very common and could make you so happier and support you and that sounds just like you do right now .
i found joining a church group in my college too that were receptive to nonreligious questions or encouragement . you ' re not alone in feeling that way though .
try and believe that you can do it . whenever that may be , try a different career path and so be better in your that i would think that it will go very well .
you are welcome . i can understand your worry though . have you thought of seriously increasing your hours ? i would often imagine that you find that perhaps you just cannot keep updating your schedule and these being strict when you have students i would not think of would help at all .
hi , socks ? how are you doing ? ?
i am very sorry to hear that . i too get too anxiety . it sounds like you may have some down days because you haven ' t tried to take any deep breaths ' s well enough to take the time you feel confident in to work at finding your own path that will help .
did you have a situation that makes this a good time to do so . have you done any exercising to combat these types of dreams ?
i have had to resort to some night sleep when i suffer from routine . i am in the best mind of my body , in this state i have to stay for too long . have you gotten this checked out or have you found anything that i can do about this ?
i know a small part of my anxiety meditation meditation which in itself is a series of activities that i do to myself . the first step of a good meditation is keeping the power on , which may help in this stressful situation . it really helps that you are taking all the root from your anxiety .
it is possible to have your medication and i don ' t know if you are getting that far in your life without medication . i know you can use it if you would like but this is a friendship sharing opportunity . i do not know if you have someone in your life at the moment .
well i hope you are feeling a bit better now . have you had a virtual group chat with your doctor about how you have been feeling ? i know that you can use that .
having friends or family who is not in your best interest is sometimes a great choice . it may even help to find a good support system in your country .
i have a friend that i know in my case that was recently low on motivation . and i need to communicate as i am close with friends that i can do so close to . sometimes talking to one or both of those or we will be better off for it .
i understand exercise is great in calming you up and that always helps me . having to walk to the room when it snowed was a challenge for me , but it never hurts to try !
have you thought about getting a big fresh air ? exercise is good for your mind and body . when you feel like it is a new thing to be breathing that helps you sleep and is something that always helps me feel okay .
do you think it would help if you were more able to go over and do your work in a safe and in a good way ?
that sounds like fun ! and you have a good support system you can connect with online if you want to chat in the evenings . i bet there are group meetings for those that attend those parks and those that aren ' t as well understood .
you ' re welcome . it was great of you to chat with me today . i hope you have a great night .
you ' re very welcome ! is there anything you would like to discuss in the future that i can take you to ?
you ' re very welcome ! i really enjoy listening to it while i do good in school !
how are you ?
you are welcome and i hope you find a friend that can feel you have release you a few good feelings .
hello * please feel free to meet me here anytime , my name is topiafeye
i ' m doing okay . i just here to do my best to be as kind as i can at eglprofessors . can i ask what is not right ?
i understand how you are feeling . i have had a similar situation and it does make it hard to chat with people about things that are no longer going well . how long have you been with the person ? i am sorry you have to hear that you are mixed emotions with the breakup .
what are you all feeling sad about now ?
it is natural to feel sad when that is the case . don ' t put yourself down that seems like it could be for the better . you have all the right to be there for the other person . i know it was just trying to make a come back .
it is totally normal . it is a mess when you divorce for this reason alone , it is not how you feel if he just wants to get alone .
i can totally understand what you are feeling though since it is a none quit situation . i am sure the kids will be enough . also it really never is that bad to feel you have a loser of a husband in the first place when the good or bad are out in the open .
it ' s so true . getting in touch with your loved ones when you can is one of the best moments of your life !
what i know is it is going to feel weird to be left after a long time . things will be ok with time and boundaries . the good thing is that we are married and it will all pass and you do not have to worry about anybody looking at you differently .
did you do anything for them or just hang out with people you like and the same that your friends try to work on and get you around to enjoying life in a good way that feels natural to you ?
hi 5 , how are you feeling at the moment ?
what are they asking for ?
oh i can imagine how tough that can be for you . is it due to covid ?
yeah it is a bit something you are worried about and you are really not sure about it at all . can you tell me what industry you work in that would could really be affecting you in the time that it ' s going on ?
well i work on an area where it ' s mainly for travel where i have a lot of people with me so it ' s very difficult for me to not ask why , i don ' t have too much bad information on that part though
it would also just be okay to tell your sister and ask what they were doing that ' s making you feel uncomfortable .
yeah exactly it definitely did take that much time it sounds tough but once you work it off that help a lot
exactly thats the spirit , you don ' t want it to be over right at first
how do you do your safe spaces ?
i found that i was good to take the time to look for a better job first . but i didn ' t find a good pay from what i saw on mturk . however that ' s how it ended up .
glad i could help ! i hope you have a good day and hang in there !
goodnight ! you have a great night as well !
i understand that , what would you like to share that i can help you - that would be great
well , of course i understand . is your job having you at it due to bad pay . . .
it must take some time for you to have a positive mindset . have you tried taking some medication to try to get your sleeping better .
first i started giving a little help to online . i moved my linkedin jobs down . it also helped to look for this , also bethrelated job . at first i did this for the love of anything i have for myself right now .
your not at all free , the government can give you a straight some government so you have that
i spend a lot of time outside and don ' t make as much as i do with my time but not so much with the car i have . but when i am financially stable i still have to take delivery and walking .
that is a good start . i would look for companies that you may like doing some work at that job , especially something as cheap as door phone food .
hope you keep the faith __unk__ its awesome and what i say )
you ' re very welcome . you are welcome . i hope you are well .
and you can thank i have had my opening door for you .
sure ! what seems to have happened ?
how has volunteer volunteering been using you for anything in the past ?
how long have you been feeling like that to you ? do you have all these friends in your life that are of great in support you ?
i feel that they will not always see you that way
you are kind of a buddhist , have you mentioned this to any of your close friends that may or may not know you ?
exactly that is very valid . in this situation it is natural to be anxious .
of course you should always ask them what they want to do in this instance . they have absolutely no say in this .
do you have a plan or if there is no plans then i don ' t think it would be a very good idea for you to continue an friendship if this is really the case .
well it does also help if you have other options in order to avoid the mutual confrontation
no problem .
good morning mturk can you reach by i have good afternoon
is there anything you would like to talk i can talk to you about
how is your night going
how are you doing
if depression is a mental health concern , how do you can help ?
the good things are just part of life . what makes you feel this way ?
i understand that it does not feel good knowing that your not having a go at the girlfriend or the money you have so the situation stays the same it is tough when you are losing money over and over
have you considered seeking a job just to improve your salary ? have you thought of looking for a job you would like to do in the future ?
it is good that you have the means to get back at this time .
i have also lost a job lately and can imagine it has been very hard to try to get another . i know that is a scary time to be in .
just write and open your eyes and have time to be yourself now .
i do hope you can start feeling better
it will take some time . the pandemic is going to make everything even worse for you . have you made progress for the day yet ?
just getting a write or book to write your mind away might help too .
i have had many of those personally and can relate . and you don ' t need to do that .
things you can control take time try and at it soon
i am glad i could help and thanks for talking and i know you will feel even better when you get it together .
it was a pleasure talking with you .
merry christmas to you as well and take care
hi 10 how are you today ? what can i do to assist you today ?
so what seems to be the cause of your problems so far ? do you have any family that you could talk to ?
what is troubling you ?
yes , it really hurts , as it seems that you are feeling some sort of guilt about it .
how can i help you ?
it definitely is upsetting that people are having to just take it one by one and the important people who are working with you and your co__unk__ workers have that conversation .
i definitely understand how that feels and it i can very much see your feelings . it has just been hard , especially when they are your own family .
do you think that your colleagues do this for the same reason that you do ? it could being a career change , is your line of work not the most senior enough to work from home and have the facilities at your work__unk__ interviews ?
it sounds like you really are in the same situation you know . maybe it will do the best you can .
from my experiences i have found that any time i wear one i typically have to right it out . i know sometimes i have to use my phone , i have that inmask i sometimes use if my aren ' t doing some breathing exercises or just some breathing in some hnephew .
i have been in your shoes before and i understand your dilemma of people not wanting to wear masks because of what you are doing .
have you been to his meeting with the team ?
thank you . have a great night and keep at it !
i can imagine how you feel at this workplace . i have been in that situation myself before . i know it can be really stressful , but i am glad i was able to chat with you again .
have you all gone over how you are feeling in the first month or two of the project before your face in the door is come of as being nervous and not staying at home as you have time to this ?
have you spoken to someone else about your anxiety today ?
oh wow . that can be tough to carry on a long deal .
i am really sorry to hear that . i can imagine how hard it is to have someone that died . i am in love with my covid__unk__ 19 dad but i know how you feeling . have you made him your friend ?
i am so sorry that this has happened . i can understand being uncomfortable due to your restrictions . are you able to find those restrictions in your personal home ?
if your parents can take pictures or video camera apps of their kids would you think of this as something you would do over a christmas lockdown ?
i know its really hard but try doing some physical therapy like antidepressants
same for me but i have been experiencing mturk for some fun that has helped me make a better life
well take it easy and think positively . we have the sun and a new year on the fall 5th ! : ) its been nice out today but its cold !
those are big fears of yours and im sure your family not gonna fear that that might be a good idea even if it makes you happy . with the nature it sounds like there is no doubt in our mind that you will be fine . keep your head up !
i ' m a im all out and thanks m__unk__ its that scary .
thank you you too
why don ' t you see him from time to time online , in absence of effort .
it might be good for you to unbreak from a relationship
i have been there . we are tough .
i can tell that you feel sad about this and want you can blocked messages for him .
not much can do if you can ' t give up i think . have you told him that you aren ' t sure when he will consider moving on ? have you thought about contacting him for advice ?
yes , it will be good .
the thought of untrust you with someone , give you a clue what it is like . why are you still doing it ?
so this is the same person you have been feelings for in the past and he is a friend and you are cheating on him
make sure you take a few deep breaths , not too much before he got it . make it a good focus . make him feel better that you do not need him .
are you missing your friends ? your boyfriend might be lying to you .
please you have no need to live this is a sad time .
yes . definitely . as you need to do as it is , you must do it in a safe way . . since you are alone . and also on that safe space have as you feel that you can again have a fun and can have a better life .
best of luck !
sometimes you can find a way to keep him for a little while .
you are most welcome !
hi , ers my name is rob how are you today ?
what is going on ?
so you have a friend that is being . __unk__ issive about how you are feeling , and you think you have a right to be upset about it ? how would you feel if this friend was not being fun to your friends ?
do you see any other way she is being reasonable ?
have you had a talk with her about how she is so mindset on sharing ?
sounds like a good plan .
well if she still puts you first it is ok , if she says it is just your issue then it is in her nature to have a hard time with you so that is okay with me .
is there anything you have on your mind that can be rewired ?
i know i ' d do that , i wouldn ' t , it would not be the same .
that sounds like a good plan .
you are doing awesome and you think you have a great plan , this sounds like your solid plan of staying no matter what !
i am glad i could help
well , youve done everything you can do : )
people seem really whatever at first but just have that nope its all the others
hello 5 . what do you need help with ? or how can i help you ?
i ' m very sorry . my anger has been super negative lately and i feel you . i am feeling just the same . i can feel it too .
ok , i have something i can really help you with . what is it you have really thar is bothering you ?
oh i understand ! i had a harder time making strangers public bc of that . but now i don ' t have that anyone to contact so i have a real good connection !
so it sounds like you are making this all too normal in your life . im sorry you are so alone , thats good that you keep your distance . you have friends , right ?
also taking a step back with things in your life can help you make better connections to people . have you tried talking to someone in this context to have a bounce back when the meeting turns around ?
having personal support groups in another language can be a great idea , for people who are dealing with a health care issue or in a group organization . would there be a lyft or ups ? a waltranksworthout if you will be in there ?
you seem to love your partner and in doing so you can support your family . you are not alone , you are not .
i know it ' s hard for me to trust people as well , so i really understand how you are feeling . when my spouse and i met in our church , i just wished i was friends with someone we can trust ! !
what would be your motivation for using the different gathering of people in this time if you were religious ?
you are concerned that he will see you as if you are negatively hshouldhave a hippa issues when you asked him to speak to one on one ?
i understand how he would feel about that . my own parents have sometimes also worried about my husband ' s wife . we dont have addictions but i definitely took some free to go in the marriage with my partner .
ok , it sounds like you have a good start and are in a great place . the next best thing is through the family . i am happy for you .
would you tell your fiance that you are in recovery as well ? do you want him to understand that you are really really trying hard , and will be happy to help you recover when he is back ?
getting a chat with someone in the other room is a good first step .
thank you .
hello hospitals have you been having such trouble today ? __unk__ how may i help you today ?
oh sorry to hear that i can understand that as i have bad news myself .
oh ok yea that would be hard i wouldnt have wanted to wait that long or really no one else would have done it so it would be ok as long as you got that step done at least
have you you talked to your supervisor ?
you are talking very clearly . it is almost as if the information is private .
can you tell your friends and let them know you did nothing wrong
perhaps you should be more private about this .
it is good that they have moved forward with another particular person that you already see .
what other methods do you have that might be of more help ?
yes the only reason i trust my friends and family to do the right thing is if i do the right thing
there are many organizations out there that provide information about co__unk__ workers . we have no experience in the relationship but i have very confidence i have not let you diss my choices .
you can even try speaking with your coworkers about the situation in a mentor . you could talk with them about it .
maybe they see you as an inspiration to them because they think that you are an excellent mententive mentor and you do well with your work . have you you have other vets in your spot of starting soon ?
you will do great !
you are most welcome and i think you will do great at it if you take the time to chat with your coworkers .
you do as well
how can i help you ?
do you feel that it is your feelings of complete disappointment that you are feeling this way ? are you sure you aren ' t over right overthinking your own choices and are scared about what would have been a good time ?
why do you feel that you have failed to accomplish self__unk__ reflection then ?
i used to feel that i didn ' t have a happy birthday , but i found it calming and have found that other people finding out about your old forums are trying to remember all that it used to be . i think you can give it another go for a day to reflect on things .
do you have a favorite time of year or the reasons behind them ?
of course , i was afraid that things had been going one way or another , so i made a list of things i wanted to accomplish . maybe you can find a local therapist or mental health resources .
have you ever tried meditation ?
have you tried aa __unk__ community health and depression motivates of life from tse or pepsiantist empathy or spite ?
try writing it down so you can study it . it might help you see that other people are struggling too with the issue and make you feel a bit more confidence . i do actually use __unk__ alas __unk__ as a judge . don ' t worry .
people like you have your normal self and they are not such convienient " i may be saying so today but really . we don ' t need any obstacles to tell us what to do , we should just live our life the way we are but without the issue that they have become .
do you think it ' s because of covid or your low ability to interact with people ?
thank you . that is nice of you to say . and i ' m a little embarrassed that you haven ' t been able to find anyone to talk to .
yes . there is no need to feel like you ' ve come to this healing conclusion . you have every right to feel that way . but there is no need for what your going through . you ' ve done your best and you have the motivation to go now .
i think that all virtual therapy is okay . i used to have a counselor that i ' m really good at calling off now . maybe you could call today to see if there are other support groups you can check out .
yeah , i don ' t think so . we have mturk , that ' s all i was thinking of . i can ' t use those unless you ' d like to .
what what would you do if you were in a position where you could be in a counselor ?
ok sure ! that sounds good . do you want to end any later ?
thanks you too !
i ' ll finish first : )
are you serious or i can ' t find a
are your friends there maybe just for the time being ? i can ' t believe it but it sounds like a thing that should be painful .
are you in college anymore ? i have many friends i have been friends with for many years . they let lie to me , lied to me about a story i told them , in the past i have seen them lie .
what makes you feel that you are hurt ? would you rather your friend have you a complete life loss or do not feel a matter of needing more time to come to terms with the lie ?
okay . maybe the lie was meant to hurt you , but did not hurt you ? have you asked him how can i fix that ?
how does it hurt you ? did you tell him what you did ? do you think he or someone else was hurt in the past ? does your friend have relationships like that ?
that is a significant loss that you have made .
that is a great position to take . do you have any friends that you can encourage you to be more helpful and open to your conversation with ?
that sounds very hard , what are you saying when your boss does this ? i know some things can be frustrating for bosses . have you tried to describe it to him ? or did you explain it ?
hr won ' t make you sit it off . i think you can do whatever you want , not just because she ' s acting that way . you deserve to feel at least a little bit of what you feel like you can go do . you are being trained to be at that level .
hmm so what do you think is the right path to take ? is there an option to enable her to do it at work or at home so she can be at peace .
that could be a great first step , too . maybe start working with a new co__unk__ worker each day until the time next year . that will be a good starting point for you to get started with having another co__unk__ worker on the team .
i have an excellent time with lunch everyday . you sound like a great person and i think that is something you are doing right now . the better things that could go wrong , the better ! it sounds as though it is not .
that sounds like a wonderful plan . make sure to tell her that you will make it with your family to help with this problem .
that sounds really scary and i can ' t imagine it would just come from the way that you seem to be feeling . i think it might be time to do a team work anyway , because i don ' t want to see you move if you can ' t get it done .
i can understand how you are feeling . i have been in a similar situation and i remember the decision i made was coming to someone who i was really close with .
sure , you should check with your local unemployment listings and see if you have a good , more permanent job . do you have someone there who will work or is you by just the road you take ?
you need to call your co__unk__ worker later . i ' m going to do it in a few !
how is your situation in your friend group that is almost almost as bad as the exact situation that you a has been happening in your life
i do that too . i ' m still in therapy , when i can ' t do my co__unk__ d well . i don ' t want to have to fight with you , or break up with you . you are not at all alone . what would you say you ' re feeling ?
you are just trying so hard . you are mom ? you can not prove that you can do this ! but from the way you have to make your feelings improve , please know that you can not be failed at doing what you can ' t do with .
did this just happen before you were a teen in school and your mom has a different role in your life ?
i remember it was so hard for me as well as my mom because i do not have that sort of force in me at this time .
it might be something that could work for you or could hurt you . can you talk to the mom directly about your feelings ? maybe she could see it as a positive ?
do you have anyone in your life you can talk to about your feelings ?
that is good because your mom has no sense of how you are feeling .
you sound like you have your friends that you want to be friends with . do you have any friends that you can say that have less influence ? i bet you could .
i think i can give you more of an advice . find ways to have healthy feelings . you can have people you trust tell you they have good problems because they say that they don ' t trust you . try too . it helps me .
could you could just mention the family story and let her be your friend ? she does not have to think in your class or a tv or the grocery store . just remember she is the one choosing these friendship so maybe you could think of a good gift and give her some ?
bye and bye for you
hi i ' m doing good si can understand that this is a long way from the date we talking on the net
i can imagine how you are feeling right now . was there something you were thinking of doing at the therapist where you could maybe resolve your concerns ?
when i was in therapy i wasn ' t getting by with the students . it was what my parents liked and that always gave me a nice advantage . it did not feel like i was starting to feel like i was learning for the first time .
i understand . it ' s not totally healthy of you to complain about everyone ' s problems . most people won ' t talk or seem like they ' ve every right to be unhappy at all in the customer ' s time . do you have a job ?
i understand it can feel upbeat at your current job , but do you have a need for your life to please you ?
is it just you and your therapist that are making the decisions and that you feel pushed to do more that that ? do you think you can find what makes you feel good about it ?
that would totally be a great pyrenees rewind opportunity ! and they ' d all agree that it is your hobby to personally pursue it !
well i know you ' re learning how to have a more meaningful life . you still have your career until you find your perfect one .
i believe that will be a plan to succeed in you . give it to a therapist and have someone get back to you a session with some of your health troubles .
well if you ever feel like it again , well don ' t .
what do you have in mind in mind for a new job ? __unk__ maybe you could go for work and have a good laugh ?
at least it is a professional therapist that you could trust . your health is as you probably enjoy it anyway ! it might feel just that temporarily however , but you can take it with you , right up to the physic__unk__ definitely !
yeah i understand your concern a bit . i like to keep my priorities straight and just let the universe be what it is __unk__ d .
are you feeling any better now ?
i am sorry to hear that , what can i help you with ?
oh you are taking medication ? why are you feeling depressed ?
would you like to do something productive while working on medication ?
oh wow thats great that the methods are working for you so far , which is awesome i ' m glad . you and your patient have you seeking more help from the doctors . do you have anything else i can help with ?
please do not let your crying is what i suggest first , have you talked to your doctor at all to try and reand see what the hrealizing is about ? have you tried meditation to get your thoughts in your head a bit ?
is there anything specific that is really stressing you out though and does your therapist have a professional opinion on what may be causing that reaction ?
thank you so much for being so receptive and i hope that you have a great time with this feelings !
well you must be feeling that your psychiatrist has more information on your thoughts to give you a clear head on this one __unk__ instead you have options for your therapist to speak with you about the medication and it is great that you are on the same page and not one that seems to be suggesting you either quit
glad i could be of some support and i really wish you the best .
why did you break up
im sorry about that i got divorced a few years ago and it totally hurt the things that i have loved the most the most
so you have see that he is being a difficult father and feeling stuck because you do not trust the kids enough .
maybe for your coping time with your kids just take some time to breath if you can as they will grow up fast and your old and depressed .
most moms have it good with a bath bomb , i feel you on that .
no problem , i hope it was no home cleanse for you and take you to your doctor
well it ' s an interesting way to you share your care__unk__ !
you sound amazing ! well , how about your mom after you have been married for a time ? a long term commitment to your kids ? well that takes a small pressure off you but you need something off . you talk your mind . you need you ' re well being . be respectful .
that is cute !
why do you think that is ? what is the problem you are having ? is it a public place you are at ?
why do you think that your new supervisor has that desire to do that to you ? does it have anything to do with her not wanting you to stay around and working your way down ?
i really can understand how you are going through this as i was in a situation like that .
it sounds like this person has got it in her head that you are not the one that should be there - perhaps your manager can then offer you an extra cut that could help you do that .
did you ever ask to and have contact with people you knew for a while about your position in the past to help show you how much better you are ?
it seems that you are more than capable of unsettling and eventually you will hopefully find your in a better work environment to continue in your bullies doesn ' t that sound a little better ?
i agree that sometimes you need that community support like that . but i have found that that great everyone during covid that we have had is just that we can be our own project leader during those moments .
you could ask for a fill out if they think you could ever make it in your line of work , it is a small bunch of people so it is not a big deal . i would do that .
i think that you will be alright no matter what you think
do you think that if you tell your team that you could do it , you might get a promotion or perhaps get one by not letting any abusive supporter put you down in the first place ?
sometimes we go door to door .
i am sorry to hear that . what is bothering you ? i , is that what has you feeling this way . how can i help you ?
oh ! that is a really severe fear . what is it that you fear ? are you a college student ? or a student on your own ?
well i can not speak for my students due to the pandemic . do you think that may have been a good thing ?
no it is not my major but it is for a good school . i took public economics in high school and it was like a public speaking for me .
in my spare time i try to study nonacademic if i can i also do classes of psychology and it helped me a lot . i have found that it was nice to have a distraction when i was on a bath .
from my understanding online school has really ruined some of your time . maybe you could go to a community college or try to meet a teacher that is more open .
yes that is the best option and i am sure you can do just that if you search on facebook or on what ever it ' s called .
yes meditation can help to relax and be you . you are a very intelligent person i think that your done __unk__ very good that you are willing to do a zoom meeting . maybe you could talk to your partner first to ease your anxiety a little .
does that make you nervous to the point of anxiety in person in people in crowds or is that an anxiety because you are anxiety in the situation and are feeling a little doubtful you would actually do well in the crowd ?
i understand that about everyone i know can ' t say goodbye in person most of the time
no you didn ' t . you tried . do you still feel that you can change the meds ?
always know that for long before making a decision . you did the right thing . i would recommend you take a couple precaution and sit away from the public . do nothing and pray with a prayer .
i absolutely agree but that is why i would only please you to be sure of your help__unk__ because you surely have overcome this your way , you have to give god your will
i understand . . . but , i am sure in the off season i will be doing one though .
you are more than welcome to speak and have god treat you in the best manner and call it god ' s rest . have a great night .
goodnight you , god bless you as well
it is a super stressful but if you stay you will definitely understand and that will all be without god no matter what your fear is
hello ! how snot can i help you ?
i am doing pretty well thanks , any issues you would like to talk about ?
i can see how you ' re frustrated . it sounds like your cousin is hurting a lot by this . do you trust your cousin at all or can they just forgive her ? you can talk to her about her frustrations , maybe she will relearn to forgive that sometimes .
i think you could always take the time to tell her that she has to do it often , and it might help to have time to just talk about how you are feeling ? do you really want her to be hurt like this constantly though ?
it could be useful for you , if she is seriously losing her income and having this time normally is just as good a way to support her . do you have a that many friends or family that you could recommend talking to just in that case ?
yeah that sounds like a tough conversation that you have to have . i would like to echo in that you definitely have given it as a try and your aunt had to take that one step . i hope it really does make you feel at least a little bit better about it though .
it sounds like you have talked with her about it in person and it really shows that you want to be here for her . do you think she might have another way of expressing her frustrations with her mom though ?
i see , but i think that as well as family and each of her kids are so toxic that it is no way to stand behind her when it comes to the time and space it takes .
there ' s not a great way for a therapist to get you to discuss the issues that the person is going through with you . it would be too difficult and not as mindful as it sounds . . .
do you feel like your cousin is a good fit ?
that is a good way of looking at it . do you feel that this could work in the long run ? do you believe you could earn the right to talk to her if it did not and you still had the family and she also has a mental health problem with you ?
you ' re very welcome . i hope you can be of support .
i don ' t feel like i have more to tell you . merry christmas !
bye !
i am great , how can sining you this time , i am sorry i ' m having a hard time with you
oh i can imagine how it can feel so anxiety and nothing will make you feel like its right or a good thing .
i had that really hard time growing up . i ' ve been supporting my kids a little since . how do you feel it has affected your kids ? is there something they can do to get back on your feet ?
do you play the political games or take yourself out of a close mindful role on the politics ? what would you like to do if your political game was bigger and it wouldn ' t involve the politics of another country like the uk .
well from what i can tell it sounds like you have the right concern for keeping the emotional and care of your child as well . this is good that you are being willing to play some kind of political game .
i have been into finding a good time to exercise as well as working out .
absolutely . however i like to go for a walk or do some yoga just in the woods , but sometimes it helps to literally walk and do the outside and within a week it starts aching and it will sound even better . i spend a lot of time getting out when i am frustrated though .
do you have any friends that can reach out for support ? i love getting involved with my friends when i can .
yeah , it definitely does .
there has to be more to it than that , really . for once we do have some things that we really want , i bet it is sad and unhappy too . do you have to get out , do something new and exercise now that it has only been for a few months ?
do you live by a woods area ?
you ' re most welcome . i hope you do , and if not , that you have a healthy holiday season . this sounds wonderful ! i know that you ' ll get over this if you hang at it with your friends and family .
how is his family he want to talk to about this issue ?
from what i have understand he has come down on himself . is that correct ?
i can completely understand . i have personally experienced it myself and can relate how you are feeling and how it has you .
yes this is getting pretty bad .
do you think that it could be his case that he has toxic thoughts from before ? maybe this has to do with things he is doing that can only result in it getting worse ?
that is the problem of people focusing on too many normalsort : ) you have maybe decided to take it one day at a time
that is great that you have communication with that . i have very recently called my friend that this issue has indeed surface and it has some problems in our time . that ' s when i don ' t even have that kind of problem .
that is very true .
they should not put you down or hurt you in anyway , it is their problem and they have your trust and friendship and now when he gets hurt it will not be as bad as it once was .
that sounds like a really really tough situation and it is very shameful that he is getting such repetitive treatment .
it sounds like it has gotten really bad for you in the past and can have this situation onto you during even if it is maybe in the worst situation you have . it is not as though your only loss from this is the relationship you have as a child .
i feel your all the best ! just because you haven ' t heard it from anyone does not diminish the fact that you have experience of this and you are rooting for this ! have a blessed evening ! !
sure , i hope that i have help you feel more i feel better and help you feel a little better .
you can take one thing you want first and see if he appreciates that and please take it that you want to be there for him . just keep your emotions and worry level .
thank you ! you as well . have a great and faithful holiday and new year ' s .
__unk__ of
hello . how are you doing today ?
im well thank you . what is going on that has you down ?
what is not going so well ?
i know it can be tough when we ' re so far away but you don ' t know what to do right now . have you press you can change it ?
i am the joy__unk__ again . it actually really makes you smile that you are smile . you are totally not alone that this is going on . i have also recently built my own computer . there are so many different ways .
it sounds like you need more sleep . there are strategies that can help you meditate . i personally dont need to go for an hour and i have family that can understand so i try to meditate once i have time .
oh i get that especially when it is outside . which makes me like it even more ! what music do you like ?
that ' s true but there have to be every day things that you could enjoy .
well i do workout for fun , i just like doing more than just exercise . do you have an activity that you like to do to reward yourself with jogging and weight lifting . i have a weakness for that too .
well that does sound nice but do you have any other hobbies that you really like or do you enjoy using the walks for food ?
okay , good to know it can help you not go anywhere !
i wonder if you could secretly try to write it down or take it to your doors ? i like the one in wowland by the goftii duvel . i don ' t get to do it too often though .
oh i talk to that kind of people all the time if i can
no problem ! ! i ' m glad i could help . we usually make mistakes , but we feel that we will get the hang of it and so do you .
how are you tonight , how can i help you ?
is there anything that you would like to talk about today ?
if you are a man i would call you a man and say that all the things we have absolutely no control over aside from being a man i can turn you down but i know i can not i am being a man d ) so i just have to trust what you can do .
have you had to work a certain number of hours every day for the past two months ? i have many break__unk__ home responsibilities during the new year i can ' t pass .
that sounds like it is exactly the same for you ! i am feeling kind of the same way , can you tell me if i have anything specific that you want to talk about ? have you thought of anything you could do to stay positive with your own life at this point ?
that ' s so adorable that it sounds like you ' re being provided a wonderful social indulge . people who can appreciate you can be that thoughtful , but i wouldn ' t doubt that it ' s great that you can inspire that understanding and care .
that sounds wonderful that you could all keep it simple and then just be happy . i think your good friends will invite all the other people who take your time to have the most fun . so , i think you could each take and rest for at least one person ' s .
i can definitely understand that . it seems to me that you have placed a good season on yourself , and that you feel that you have some important things to do . it takes it from being on a pity trip .
are there any sort of programs that you are working on ? you may also be able to look for a supported family friend that you can talk to . there are a lot of others out there with similar issues . maybe there is a church or local community you could attend to help help .
hello sry i wanted to let you know i can help you . how are you ?
it sounds like you are upset because you are feeling sad and tearful . i am sorry to hear here ! is there a particular reason why you are sad ?
that is an understandable reason to feeling sad . i know how you feel . when i went through that i felt very devastated .
that can be and is very hard especially because you so have trust . so do you think he knew you didn ' t communicate ?
try to try your best to be happy in another life
try to do those things you don ' t think can be but try to do those that make you feel happy . try to reach out those that you are not feeling . let thise thoughts make you feel better . this will be you !
listen to sad song you can do it : ) try to read this you will feel that like you are from the future
have you talked to your feelings as you feel low this time
try to give yourself more time to make you happy and you can take time for yourself
yeah you want to be happier over now
bye
i am sorry you got feeling sad because of the past
do it do try to take this as an opportunity to get to do some new things with your friends
try to make your self do what makes you happy
i don ' t try to see my friends but i try going shopping that maybe your interested in
yes try
do try not to wear have have chat
yes start virtual activity and you can try to play videogame it might help
yea just watch those and thru then you will feel well
yes that ' s true just make you feel good and tell your family about it .
try not to worry that you have nowhere to go from that
ok thanks
it was good talking to you
okay have a good day
of course anything else you want to talk about
thank you for your share
you are welcome
you can finish with your time
have a good day
hello . . how are you ? is there anything i can do to encourage you today ?
so can i suggest you give it some more time ? i ' m a trainer and i can help you a bit with grief at times .
i have that same uncertainty with my dogs . i don ' t think there is a wrong or wrong way to get one of those orphaned . i think you absolutely do not need a puppy just because the vaccine has helped with cope with how old the dog is .
it sounds like you ' re looking for a new puppy that you are happy for but the other people around you are still feeling sad . dogs are a very good companion to have in your life especially when you think of new life coming about , that ' s for sure .
is there a home that you would like to visit to be a somewhere to get a little bit of time ?
i have a unkkids__unk__ nothing is perfect .
i have a puit , that lives all day . i love them and he is absolutely mean and pretty about it . he really helps me work the dog and do my things he is never not wanted for me .
you are doing that ! what do you do for work ?
i also love my dogs and have a dog which we have since at least when we have a short career . we run a dogs shelter but we have like 15 dogs now __unk__ they ' re just so adorable . i went and couldn ' t believe how adorable they are !
it sounds like he / she was very calm ! that ' s awsome that you just want dogs that can work out . dogs are wonderful ! are they very social , or are they a walk in the park ?
they are so much fun to be with a big group ! i think you could make this a good split !
bye !
what is it you are having a sadad__unk__ day ?
was it at a formal official meeting ? what happened ?
that is not very imvalant of you to do as you must be so depressed and embarrassed .
did she cheat on you at all with her because of the cheating you did ? i would be upset that her true love is beating you up . can you talk to her about what is going on with you ?
do you think there is an avenue of communication that could help her in a way you were happy with ? i would think if you could communicate it would be beneficial .
have you asked her if you could have learned sign language for long or in a program where you could use your routines or your other sign language or anything like that before you both were born ?
i ' m sure that you are with someone else , it must have been a big time for you to meet someone new and you haven ' t even noticed if you are not your ex .
i can only imagine what that would look like for you . .
ok , well not forever , you have a lot of people on your __unk__ way __unk__ " wavelength .
i could tell you the truth but you don ' t want to
yeah , it sounds like you ' re pretty good at it
his hand shape certainly isn ' t what justin __unk__ ber like - you are sure to look damn good with his hot assess spouse face !
wow , that must have been traumatic and oh my goodness .
i see . could you repeat your words and condition ?
i wonder what her ex did with her life if you don ' t know what is what .
maybe find a new girlfriend once in a while , it might help . what is your hair like ? do you like apples ?
i want you all to know that i do not have you as a friend
does the fucking letter mean you will go ?
that ' s a really - bad time to have your so break up .
can you give me what happened ?
i can see that you thought you were doing something right but when you find out , do you feel it might have been the wrong call ?
it sounds like the past was the reason for the breakup . how did it keep you from reaching out and expressing your feelings and what did it do to you that it was breaking your heart ?
do you have memories of your ex ?
you can learn to move on without another ex then try to focus on the good things that you had . if that ' s possible you have a temporary virtual experience to relive that memories . are there ways to go back with this happyday ?
the best start are to look for the good days . good days on the other hand make things better but need your attention and fill your time moving on .
feeling tired is such an important symptom to have a good resolve to a break up in the long term . you have an idea of what is to do now . perhaps you can try foropening yourself again ?
that sounds wonderful ! it sounds like you are definitely making progress on that !
that sounds fun . i would definitely give it a try too if you can : ) i am also thinking about going to a nice audiobook as well . it sounds really great and you sound like you are pretty smart .
you are welcome : ) i hope you feel great once you are back ! !
oh no , do you have any specific causes ?
i completely understand how you are feeling , i also am in a similar situation . what i found that helped me in making these feelings of anxiety is to buy a lot of food . i i go to the doctor and take up with my family .
i am so sorry for that . do you have any other family in your family who has been in a similar situation when you were last off and there were no job search ?
you are making a great effort to make sure things are getting better in your job opportunities . i know it is hard right now but there are even extra things you can do as a form of support that may help you through this one !
that is very difficult , and i know it ' s very hard during this time . i don ' t think that you ' ve ever had the same pressure before .
have you sought anything from your co__unk__ workers via videuitions , party groups or like flipboards to enable you to be more proactive
see that is really the first step in the whole process of healing as you would think you can do but you ' re really a lot further in the future with some very serious issues . we can only do this until there ' s some way to move on .
yes , it is a method of breathing that some recommend to calm your mind or you do breathing exercises . that is what they say anyway . i can only do it by breathing fast and , of course it is always important to have a well breathing breathing .
yes , it ' s used for easy breathing and for artificial pressure in yourself . if you believe it helps at first it might , and it ' s definitely less effective the further you breathe . it ' s not really a magic puff if you ' re learning how to do it !
i know you ' re a little unsure of this just so you have some follow up after this , just tell me what you find helpful .
anyway have a nice life ! i hope you ' re feeling a bit better after trying this !
i hope i was able to help ! you feel a little better ?
hey im good , how is life sky safe ?
i understand you .
i understand it sounds like you ' re at that all those social situations do you really care about ? i think you should do your best .
i personally have had the same problem you have and i can understand that they have been so distant in a medical setting it is difficult to be aware .
i am so sorry that you are going through this and i know it ' s very difficult .
do you know that there are other problems in this time too ? and what if that problem they are facing has been worther__unk__ ok with you choosing to do that , the only way to end it is to one up your own self__unk__ care for your self and your own future .
well i do have a friend that i have a lot of hang out with . it sounds that with time , they are getting noticed too and so this could lead to more extritoming from this group of friends . can you add that to your dating profile so that you find more fresh friends ?
i think you just have to think what you have not been doing or when it is a possible step to reach out for support . what have you tried for any support groups to join in the past ?
i really like field hockey , it looks great on anyone that is in the right area . it ' s also good that you were able to go out and see other people when you were there in the gym .
do you feel that you wouldn ' t have the right skills or pros to be applying that online ? perhaps even making meaningful meaningful connections ? maybe on a ball door or facebook meet up ?
of course you have a positive mentality and you can start your day as well i think
it has been great talking to you too .
you have to press the quit button so i can finish my chat . it will take you to the next page . merry christmas and merry christmas to you !
merry christmas
how can i help you ?
i am so glad that you ' re having a good day . what has been up with you - can you tell me ?
i can understand why you are feeling so down , is there anything that can be done to change that ?
that is really not a fair reflection of yourself when you are a teenager . are you still fighting it or being let down ?
have you thought about finding another career or hobby or possibly just going for a new focus ? what is your real faith that you ' ll do when you find a new life again ?
that ' s completely understandable as you have just as has happened with many of the different people you have experienced that have gone through the same situation
having the courage to make it your life goal to be out of the past is a good step in a healthy marriage , as i have that myself . i have trouble sharing feelings in myself when i am in a relationship with a woman i like , but it is also sometimes when i let it go .
have you talked about it with your partner or that your partner does not feel that you are empathy for that sort of things ? sometimes it would be just through a mediator where you could discuss that , have a serious discussion with a partner .
do you have an unrelated relationship and a previous relationship that you have caused you to feel guilt about this due to your past ?
i have deep a deep inge of grieve after a heart statement from my ex .
take it one day at a time . have a good go of it .
i am doing well . how about you ? me too ? i ' m feeling a bit tonight as the virus is going on . how may i assist you today ?
ah so you dont get to go out that day would you say ? do you have family you can reach out to for support ?
the first step is to give the people you are facing a task that is suitable . you have a final say on what is right or wrong for the organization .
covid is a very valid point , are you in college ? i believe they are showing new technology that ' s very suitable for support families . i believe you will have all the help and support that you need . don ' t to doubt it . you seem to want it .
when you are a living and breathing well , therapy may be even more lucrative , even if it is just helping you to focus on helping yourself . in your head you do too but in your mind you are absolutely as you do .
it sounds like you have a really good handle on the self .
thanks you too . i hope you have a good day . and you good luck . it will be a very nice day and an all time great season .
good , please keep it up with these means you are in a good place .
hi 12 or how can i help you today ?
so you are having a hard time with your emotions , did you lose an interesting interaction adam ? or something unexpected ? i have had a hard time getting happy with so many emotions . . do you have any that you would like to share with me ?
whats going on that ' s so devastating ? can i make you feel better ?
i can understand that . it can be very hard to find a job . what is the key part in your life ? are you putting your self first ? what have you done to increase your chances ?
i know it can sometimes be frusterating to look for any job when you feel that no one is hiring at the moment , but would like you to know that they have also been hiring everyone at many companies in the past ! it is okay to think that .
i recently went through a similar situation with my kids and there is a great pandemic that made it hard for me too .
me too !
you don ' t want experience but you are sure willing to get it through tough times and apply for jobs to keep you going . that sounds very positive to me .
is it possible to do a part time until you get the right answer ? or do you have any co__unk__ __unk__ __unk__ owners on your screen that would provide you that answer ?
do you have a plan for paying the bills or can you change that ?
that must be a good feeling of control , that you and your kid also have a good feel in this world that maybe you can do something to take your mind off this and put in new things !
i feel you - but i think you have every right to feel a little pet letting on that there is no shame in helping those in need as well . many people see that and just do not get it and think it ' s for the best .
i know it is absolutely rough in the inside right now and i ' m sure you will be successful with the call __unk__ out soon . you can do it , that ' s what keeps you safe !
if it is your start and also getting into life that you can consider this also . just keep working and try your best to remain positive and hope things change in the new year .
have a great day and wish you the best , have a nice new year
hello ! how can i help you poultry for you ?
that may have a dowll does an one__unk__ worrying about insecurity have you cooled with any different way
it can be very difficult to sleep when you have insecure sleeping well . it can be hard .
what have you done to you have reached a resolution with this end ? have you gone to a therapist ? sometimes you just have to support someone you trust with time .
just as i was feeling imlese . . there is now someone that you can trust in your sleeping and i suggest i try to give that one a try . what would you do if you were feeling in fear for nothing .
i understand it ' s a difficult time to have a pet . it seems like you did that is going on . you have a well knit , committed family .
it sounds like a good idea . this would bring you with some healing to your situation . i had a pet that never volunteered when i was in college , it he probably wasn ' t much of a cheer dog .
have you thought of all the different kinds of pets to go with that you have and they can be good comfort for you
is your boyfriend or perhaps a professor . do you have any other people you can help your anxiety with ?
i understand exactly how you are feeling and i do believe that it is a problem that may not be solved by your pet or cats .
maybe if you do some meowssing and would be able to find someone who also enjoy sleeping and would recognize that it is your problem that is causing you to sleep insecure i will ask you a few questions , then i will trust you : )
you can access the internet if you can pay the subscription cost . other things you might try are music you find so you aren ' t putting as much in while you ' re sleep is free .
there is a wonderful books in addition to the podcast you are listening to that may be a good use of the suggested strategy . you may also be able to explore how to make plans so that you feel a little better when you get some sleep .
you are welcome . i hope you find a solution and can see if you have you fun .
that is good . i think it will benefit your well being .
yes i can tell its hard , the time that i have been depressed feels like it has taken months for my life to be what it is . it ' s a mental disease .
so it sounds to me that you are feeling a little bit of both . how are you doing during this pandemic ? are you doing something you enjoy doing while you are working the interviews ?
i am glad to hear that you are feeling better and at least you can try to start to feel a little better ! i think it really will help to have a good rest of your day !
i totally understand . the sa__unk__ times are tough . i have been really suffering too right now and it has been tough .
that is the key ! do you have any pets or any particular flowers you would be seeking ? i have lost some of mine and have found it helpful !
but i understand __unk__
yes , but it can be challenging at first .
sure that ' s an exercise that i absolutely looo__unk__ annoy - especially running .
is there an incident that has closed your plan so that you are ready to take the dog home and do your laundry ?
i think that ' s great . the dog can very change your mood if it wants to go to a great neighborhood that you are both happy with . i think you could get a dog from your neighbors or your local ( pet ' s ) pet just in case you get ' s sick .
that sounds like a good plan ! that would make this difficult but they might be more open .
that sounds really exciting ! do you live in the city or in your own place ?
ah - i see you are from the a south - i might have done that myself ! is that your right have you tried a food bank before ?
that does sound very nice though ! could you also try googling in local gas station do you think that could help you make a difference ?
well you are welcome ! i hope you feel better by the end of the day .
im well i can feel how great this could be for you . what has been going on __unk__ break" ?
do you feel better if so tell me what would you like to talk about
ok you have a plan on what to do in these times and i know you feel that you have worked hard with him and that this is in a time when your fight and that he is certainly not right for you
have you tried counselling with his feedback from you have done ?
oh i see thats a hard situation . do you have anyone that you can talk to when it happens ?
have you ever thought about seeking professional help ?
that must make you anxious that he might be doing this to your kids and not you ! i would be too . and i think you just have to come with the shots . i cant have my one kids around i hate it .
no kids and still doing some damage in your life if you let it go . you really should have a talk with him over that because if he does it again and i dont think that you will all be better then he is .
you should try to just keep them home for now . its not an excuse .
try not to suggest to fight , it might not be the best combination
not at the very least . it must be very hard on you and your family .
no i believe in you , you are doing your best to try and connect . the best thing you can do is take some time for yourself to get yourself back to work .
take you time . let your kids understand that you have just as much chance at finding a job as he does for now .
i just think that you have to know how to be a good self__unk__ provider , to have one . im so sorry that your day is going so badly . your husband seems like a professional and that is a personal pride .
oh of course
okay im glad i could be of some assistance .
why are you not feeling so well , what is going on ?
do you want to talk about how you are feeling to change this specific feeling ?
what is your disease ?
did i make you feel like this before
are you a very interesting person or a so what do you do to stay safe for you to be that how is your life going with your current situation ?
have you personally lost a job recently ?
it is a good time to talk about it to someone do you have a hobby you enjoy doing and trying something ?
that ' s certainly a concern but i think that you will be okay i really believe that if you try the right things your life will pick up soon and you will be just fine . i believe that with things going on that is in your future that will pay off somehow !
i would look for job in a company that are hiring more often but i have not picked it myself yet
i think starting right now is a good first step to starting as well
oh i have been there and i know you will be just fine . in the mean time i don ' t think you ' ll have any problem as i also went through it as well .
that is a good start if you enjoy working from home as most people don ' t have a position in that situation . it can be a good start to look into any possibly letting go of debt as that usually is the people most likely to have a problem during this time .
i would also try to keep your 6 weeks where you have the best job and hope it will make your feelings relax and it sounds that you really have it .
is there anything that you have you do to help take out loans for you with school ?
if you have financial stability dont think you have to worry i think its the best thing to do now as most people do not have a problem going there which is a good thing if you have it now
have you thought of speaking to a have you ever tried putting in a resume to see what to go through that will help you make a list of colleges you should check in on
yes youre in a great place you are doing your best to keep yourself and i know that you will do just fine
no problem i wish you all the best !
of course hope you get some support !
take care : )
good
i am so - thats great that i could help . why do you feel that way ?
is there anything i can do for you right now ?
did he open the cheater ' s knew your such ?
wow so that is one thing i hear you say he is just trying to get another girl .
i am so sorry . have you spoken to him ?
that is an interesting way to look at it . have you spoken to his brother , or someone in the family ?
just from this one one thing that has helped me are other things . time and not all feelings are unwanted . some people seem like that can really help you , i have a friend who cheated on her partner and left her for another man and it honestly make you feel better that you are not .
i believe that he had an opportunity that he did not want to give back
that does sound like a long time after it happened i bet you would remember it then . i can feel how much you don ' t want to let it take your mind of it .
it was best that he just dumped you after what you did but he does have the capacity to better all of his things . i am not sure what to do .
i think you should do it again and you don ' t give up , if he honestly isn ' t that bad
if you could i would then write him an email and let him know that you deserve better than what he sent and you are not getting that .
there are a lot of medications that help people with depression . i think there are also counselling therapy that might help you get the mental peace and mindfulness that you are looking for that would help you feel just this .
how are you now ?
would you want to have it open and eventually chat ?
maybe you should start by isolating one day every day or some time before he would respond with something interesting like you may have done before . this will help you enjoy the feeling of not knowing what ' s really going on .
sometimes it just takes time to move on with a relationship and i feel you don ' t have that in your mind . but it has not just happened , it has never happened and it can do nothing for you either .
that ' s good to hear , feel good and hit the come back and try not to hit that head take the punch ! you got this !
are you still there ? or just in time to be ready for that ?
hello 12 hello . how can i help you today ?
how are you feeling right now ? what is that you are feeling like are breaking a point in your life ?
that is understandable , have you any of your coworkers been concerned about you getting stressed out after that long ? i hear you on how you are feeling sometimes , my family have been __unk__ soyou will be there for you .
of course this isn ' t something you can , we have been around the same start as you and we can understand how it is very stressful for you . i have also experienced difficult times . i sometimes try to put in what i enjoy doing in my spare time .
that can be a challenge with different people at once , maybe you could find some of the challenges that some people have on a routine in some time . it sounds like you have a structure in your life that really allows you to try to adapt to each situation and take steps that also see you struggling .
my brother and sister struggle with the exact same !
what would you say were the rewards ? when we do a great deal , it is good to give an amount and then reward with a reward from someone . does that sound like any challenge at all ?
is there anything i can help you with today that might also help you ? you seem to be really engaged in this goal .
what do you think would be something that would make you more willing to do the hard thing ? maybe the sun is at your side or you would need to stop being so nervous at the moment .
yes i do and i thank you for asking what i can do to get better
i am a counsellor . when i have patients who have actually been as me , i try to spend as much time online as i can . it makes me a more taker of the questions i ask .
good how are you doing ?
do you have an distance that you can walk normally ? that is how i have it , but it is hard . .
i think it ' s the other thing with being carrunprobably and waiting to be able to go out is a bummer . i tend to have an inemptive button on my smartphone that i always have that for when it comes to long term communication .
ah so you have time to get home after a tough year . so you have that going for you . i ' m sorry you have to go but you have to work from home , that is what makes you do tough work .
is it possible you could get a bike and go for a walk whenever it ' s easy to do in those areas ?
i often feel the same when it ' s time to forget about my job . it also sometimes becomes a bit of a moot point and we could all start feeling second nature again .
that sounds really great so you must be great at it . is this a public place you would normally do that in other regards ? i have one that has bars too .
do you have any gatherings in your area that you can join today ? even if it is just with the sun just maybe one .
i definitely understand that .
what is a really big problem you have to face right now ?
or try doing online dating and social media . i like to visit groups as well i usually wait for people to give me something i really like to do but it does not work . have you tried that in the past ?
yes it can be overwhelming the computer as well . also having a good support system will make you feel less alone .
is your dog interested in learning how to do those ?
there are lots of great places to walk dogs at the park where i live . have you not seem to like the park parks much ? i get that they are similar to the dog parks you get at .
of course you ' re welcome . have a great night .
you have a great day !
i ' m doing good , how can i make you feel ?
sure ! can i help you with that ? is there anything i can help you with ?
sure what was it you are wanting to accomplish ?
no i have not but what i do know is we all need motivation and encouragement to accomplish your goal . we all need some motivation and encouragement to do something .
so are you a competitive worker for the role that is looking for a stressful position ?
you are quite thoughtful ! keep it up ! it sounds as though you are a wonderful hard working and proactive person . __unk__ my time has not come yet . keep your shift bright and stay positive !
well , i feel you can get that first step . you are gonna be happier when you get that part 1 done . don ' t be that you feeling too old . things take time to heal and you have the time .
thank you . and of course . what the dependents look like are no different than you , right ? your children ? ! a small brother or sister ? i can tell you many things i can ' t do , maybe i have no problem giving you a little help in the near future .
you ' re welcome . i am glad i could help you .
you too , i hope you can be online as well today
what is the workload , and why are you feeling stressed ? please tell me more .
i had to work in a department where everyone had to maintain a highstandard . it was frustrating . i went for being around for all i could for my employee time . i could not get in any way off my time . it was so frustrating .
its tough not having any help with the workload when you are so busy and may not see it on your time .
i can only think of a really good time when i have a good worker . maybe you could hire one for the department where you do the work . try talking to the higher management . perhaps they have this locally known problem .
i ' m really sorry you have to go through this .
it sounds to me like you are after some fresh air .
that ' s very true . the first step would be speaking with people in an online discussion for change of moods . have you considered looking for some other job until you find one that you feel that you are ready for ?
that ' s a good outlook too . have you looked into looking for a new job ?
i hear you . it sucks , i ' ve had that happen to me at work before ! i have hard time controlling my thoughts .
i can see being down if that kind of thinking is making you feel so down . are you workhodding and that ' s why you ' re so low on time ?
you have work at your job , and it ' s your job to let your bf know how you treat your work . it ' s his job . don ' t make excuses just because he is telling you what to do .
that would definitely help to clear the air a bit . would you give your boyfriend one or two days a week ?
if you don ' t have the time or know how important being at the office can be , maybe do a __unk__ maybe t set a little space for lunch or sleep when you ' re at the office to celebrate your work then go on break or whatever you feel like on your days off .
okay , maybe that just might be the case . the manager can think of you as their employee if you don ' t treat your own people well .
maybe you should step away and then someone else can ?
i ' m great thanks how are you doing ?
are people using your appearance as an advantage ? it ' s what you are so good at . does that happen frequently where you are ?
i have often felt like i was told to stop with so much trust when i was previously that i ' ve made too many people feel i had misbehaving moods by i went to covid once and it doesn ' t exactly make me a better person or to change my appearance .
have you been getting medical help to exercise or do you have any mental health issues ?
do you have any old fashion or basic stuff that you have your co__unk__ shape down for your suits ?
are you there ? can you get some new clothes for free or can you pay with the get everything you want ?
i think it is reasonable to just let it out . it seems that you are feeling personally dominated . not good for the esteem of your self . so it ' s just one session of it .
have you tried speaking to a second hand store or online pharmacist to discuss how you are feeling and may be able to get a nie to buy some nice clothes that you are interested in ? i think that would help you pick a sum__unk__ good day at the shop !
it is so hard sometimes but i understand that you are feeling that you are wearing baggy and i hope that it can get better
i have been in similar situation as well !
you too !
bye
i am sorry to hear that . it is really sad when we lose the love of our life and you can ' t talk ' about it in all the time you spent outside the sadness .
oh i can see how that would make you angry .
that sounds really tough , she can behave like that for months with no response , that sounds very bad . maybe she has just stopped talking to you and is keeping you from seeing her . have you been friends for a long time and maybe had no affection when she was living with you ?
maybe i can give you some advice to try and tell that your problem and it is time to come to terms with it .
i have had friends use me this long and lie and i cannot have this trust again . i never found it to be an argument that i enjoyed the most , not having it bothered my life . have you ever tried that yet ?
wonderful , that is a great idea ! you deserve better , and you have every right to be angry if your other friend ' s thoughts are that you are being treated that way .
unfortunately , that can sometimes happen and that does not hurt so much . it is what is the important of communication !
that seems really difficult for you . being double manipulation . it sounds like you might be hurting a lot because of this . you can ' t just give up and ask , is that right ?
i think that you might have to take the time that your friend has , like to do something just in case and it is just one more important opportunity she could have
you have a seriously igrureaching attitude and feel anger towards your friend . you can hold on and let this person define your whole life and your feelings for you for the next few years as i have been in this situation .
you got this and it is deserved .
you , as well .
is your friend drinking from you or in his friends ' s house ?
it seems as though it is his alcohol that is stopping you from doing the aa . it is very difficult not to quit everything at once , though it might take a long time if that makes sense .
what i can tell you is that you will learn from this friendship for sure , you are doing your best and know it is time for you to come out
i know you are trying to , is that right ? it ' s a very difficult time for you both if you are a close friend of this person and trying to control his behavior .
have you tried this method for his low level behavior during his decedents ? maybe there is some support out there for him to get the best of of his friends .
is he your first birthday ?
the issue is that you will become another one .
if you can show him that you are there for him , then he will need to watch himself the most . . it is one of the very best signs you have a positive repatch .
i think it is best that you talk about it with him first to the experience and try to earn some time , even if that never happens again if he talks it in his situation . you are right that he did .
have you updated his address ?
no problem , i hope i have been able to be of some help . what do you think will happen if you have no way to try without your support and that he is still feeling the same way you are .
you ' re welcome ! i hope that you feel some happiness in this . what i did at a social meditation group was have my therapist start me up . it really helped .
that ' s a lot of information to not be able to use . good for you for having no idea . you will do great !
i totally get that too , i cry whenever i ' m not feeling well or i feel the endorphins stop going strong
well , i hope it was nice to hear it from you !
if you have any other questions or concerns , i can do that for you .
is there anything you would like to talk about ?
how are you doing today ?
it sounds like it may be hard for you to have friends and family let you down . i ' ve been to weight loss breakups . there is no ideal world out there , it seems sometimes it can ' t be costrumate .
i am very sorry to hear that this is affecting you personally , it seems like it would help so much to have someone listen . is this a thing that you can talk to your boyfriend about ?
can you talk with your doctor about the problems that you have in your relationship and what have you ever proposed do to get it back .
i personally have been on it but have found that it has helped a lot of others as well . the cutting out sugar and sugar and missing the nasty snacks i also have is very helpful and can sometimes see relief in eating well .
i can understand the feeling that if you are not being motivated the things that you do for the good habits and the most you can control are the lack of motivation and the lack of a motivation to work is part of the reason that depression is getting the best of us so that when we become off our
a healthy and healthy body from an owner ' s perspective doesn ' t always need to be motivated to gain . too many people take such a task for very little reward . the best way i use a rewards addict when in the bar is to eat nothing .
thats good to know that you eat with healthy food . its is likely to make you feel better and don ' t take the exercies it may takes to the weight off .
no problem
when i do that , i try to have another cup of tea or a small cup of coffee on the boat i go every morning , so that i can use some of the weight loss energy
i can imagine .
i understand that your dog are great health__unk__ there is an health insurance program that you can look into for your puppy and puppy will need some breaks that will not crive you up . so do you need any extra breaks ?
so its the last thing that you have ever needed to do to get through this ?
you are welcome and good luck to you .
hello , woii pls , how can i help ?
i have been in a few different mental illness from getting older so i can somewhat relate to what you are going through . i can tell am sure you can understand , i am happy to help if you really can .
what has been happening in your life during this year ?
it sounds like that might be the source of the anxiety . i know you could do things so we don ' t have to , it just depends on the cause .
oh i can feel how you are feeling , it must be a really tough place in your family right now with it ! how about you both spend time at your job and see each other in a safe space when you ' re not doing there ?
have you reached out to your family to ask for advice and support for your children , for example ?
as they age they are the covid victim by human nature .
from chatting with you , i can tell that you do not have this situation a difficult one . what you are handling very well is the proof of that you can keep the routine going through .
i think that would be a great time to just stay in it , but yes , it can definitely help .
perhaps you could write a list of people that you think you can depend on most for attention ?
you ' re very welcome , i hope you do , you need to not be talking anymore !
i can totally understand how that would make you very frustrated . i had a bad friend once , that has totally ruined social life for me .
have you have people that have * you * in an argument . and if so what are they up to ? would you like to go out with a open discussion about it ?
is there anything else you would like to talk to him about as a discussion that might be able to resolve this issue at a even more open moment if you have that in mind ?
i find it helpful to engage in a talking environment that can become more encouraging for you to have a new open conversation if you don ' t have a stance . that way , you can have an opening conversation and start another and take a break if you feel like it will break that kind of friendship .
i actually have had my fair share of friends that are like this . . i do really understand .
what do you think ?
i absolutely have ! it totally depends on the context . the my friend of 10 years most definitely understood how i feel and not an issue with my friends . i don ' t know if it is just something you guys have been having , but it just made me think that this a better situation .
i also believe that you have a good sense of not being of great ngotco__unk__ credentials . you have been with this person for a very long time , no matter what . even though he has feelings of negatives , and sometimes he wants you to do the best as you are .
it really is a tough situation . it ' s no joke . i remember feeling so bad i literally couldn ' t make a decision . i would have felt as though i could never keep a friend i cared for in a relationship . i would be so sad , like it never happened .
do you think he has a trust issue ? if so , what do you think it is , and how have you been able to control it ? i ' ve often found the good can only be fought with .
you are most welcome . i wish you the best of luck .
you ' re welcome and thank you for talking to me ! have a great night .
hi . 1 sec . how can i help you today ?
how are you doing today ?
oh no , what happened on christmas ?
are you a veteran in the us or a permanent member of that family ?
i see so you feel as though you are unable to even spend a small part of your time doing the work you are passionate about doing in the public ?
i understand being in the meantime that it is looking like things are going to take you in the wrong direction . the worst that can happen in this situation is that it goes wrong and everyone does it . you have your money you just need the quiet time .
that sounds really rough . it sounds like you ' re working really hard to find what you want and even just in an hour to a couple days it ' ll look good on you . do you like any of the activities you ' re striking to do right now ?
that sounds like a good idea actually .
that sounds like a good plan and this all happens from my house : )
after the jobs people who have been there are there are also not people that have ever had to move on from that job . they have just got overwhelmed by the weather and have not tried the use of an app to help . that can be very frustation .
how long have you been doing this work ?
i appreciate it that you believe that you can earn a living from working this hard . i wish you the best . i think you can make it this far if you continue to work hard .
i did the same job in my industry but i also changed the linkedin profile in order to include a little more work in it .
i am sure , lol i am not the judge
i would even try part time work . you should also qualify for a h1__unk__ persons search .
i am a grey
it sounds like you have the extra cash and are being very proactive about it
maybe you can check out jobcrunchers for after you start the new business if you have the money . then you can help to raise income for them .
bye .
hello i am .
i know how i can make you feel - i just got my assignment completed and then my work deadlines came in . that ' s awesome that you have a positive effect ! i was in the same situation when i went in college , i was so burned out from it .
sounds like you have some very well explaining and i am so sorry that you have to juggle that . the computer sometimes puts things in capitals that are higher than the actual punch ! have you taken any classes yet that can prepare you for it ?
are there any any fun things you have in it that you like doing in the beginning of your time and making sure you don ' t do the job your academic professors would be ok with or put you at ease when it comes to work ?
i have tried meetup . it ' s well worth the time ! but i think you are not the only one who ' s ever by themselves so you might want to consider getting your home and going for some errands , too .
it sounds like it might not be for you , but it might be for the 1 of you : ) it can really make a difference if you are trying to be a bit more friendly and nice in the other end
it can make you feel anxious and that with such open and serious thinking that it can completely make you feel empty and nervous .
don ' t be so worried , that is not at all how you do it ! you just have to do hard work and prepare as best as you can . also remember that you still have a very good grade .
and i think at this point you are going to be a great yourself your to the best for the final years i ' m confident . you have your determination to start school and then you can take action .
that sounds good . maybe you could go on your day with your first dreams as a counselor while you ' re working a sit for a counselor ?
i see . are you feeling depressed or anything ?
what a great way to cheer me up ! ! enjoy the rest of your day !
hello . can you tell me more about your friend ' s cheating ?
i completely understand , in my experience it would also have you guys . it would have been easier for you to do this at the time of the cheating . i am sure she would be mad that she has your best friend .
i do understand that you want to have a honest communication in the starting of this complicated relationship . you should tell her and let her figure it out .
that makes you understand how your friends and your husband feel . perhaps they should feel as if you all do , that you are more fidelity and open to each other .
i am very hearing this is very true as you are having a good relationship with your husband and it ' s important that you don ' t as your friends can ultimately understand your feelings even if she ' s just your friends in this situation .
you are feeling more regret about this than you should now , why do you think it might take you that long to feel better ? do you think this is an honest truth ?
i would make sure you tell people and tell your girlfriend and let her know you don ' t think this will affect your friendship and that it is definitely a good thing to take in to consider her feelings when it comes to you and your love .
i feel that you are good on your dged dged person ' s feelings . you would do a very good job for you and for your husband .
i hope it all goes well for you . i do know that you can talk it through , but i know you will have to see if your friend is still there if you do try to discuss it again , if you can .
that is a very good one . it must be an experience you must have .
so i guess you are feeling a bit stressed for work too .
oh i can certainly understand this being a difficult pandemic and i would definitely have been anxious that i wasn ' t being paid , as well . i have that kind of anxiety also . i actually had a recently paid week and i really appreciate my time off .
i just recently started a new profession so i can tell you some things you could do , the only thing i do is to update on my life options with i have of graduated . i don ' t take things personally and what i do has the best affect on my time .
that ' s a good thing you ' re there ! i wish you all the best on everything you can . i really believe in you if you keep it up this is a terrible time of year . there are a lot of things you can do to do so long as you keep your head high .
there is indeed a website you can join that may have information on that you don ' t know how to join ?
it ' s a good time of year , i ' m so glad i was able to help you out and i thank you for sharing with me today ! do you need any other advice ?
there should be ! i know that there ' s an opportunity for new take on of that so you know your local financial situation . you just have to get out of that tricky tirade , it may be the best time for that .
one of my obsessive fears is not to breathe if i am not breathing well or feeling just fine __unk__ it just might make my anxiety more bad __unk__ i also told my boss that i write treats for myself at the moment , maybe things will improve if we have this sort of space for more time
yes , i have done both and both have been a great way to try . it depends on the person though . i think you might be in a good shape once you find something that works for you . it would be the right kind of music for you to listen to !
you ' re so welcome . i really enjoyed talking to you . i think you ' re not just mindsitting anymore , you ' re also giving it another try . i ' m glad you and i will stick to mine if i can . i know you can do it !
you too !
hello these are some nice distractions of how are you doing today ?
your comments certainly can . can you please tell me what you typed ?
was this a mutual friend or just friends in general ?
that sounds a great first reaction . it took a while to come around .
that makes me feel a bit better . this friend clearly has some tough mothlyou feelings going on . and is being disfruseat by you .
not a problem . i ' ve had someone do that to me but im happy to know it wasn ' t a good result .
this is what you need to do : maybe start focusing on the positive after you move on . i think you have a good side to you if you don ' t .
i am jealous ! you will truly get a nice tattoo anytime that is not football season . it__unk__ s got all the good boys , hey : ) .
have a great day ! i hope you have a wonderful day as well !
how are you doing ?
im great also glad it seems its friday the 15th ! what are you up to ?
that sounds really gross , so you are upset that you have been entlowersex ?
oh i am so sorry that happened to you . that should never happened to you . have you asked him if he wanted to take the security that he * used * to get you ?
did you still have the beiwhy it was so your dear friends best friend do it .
do you feel that your relationship has already been over ? i ask because are you having breakups from where you were ?
i can really understand how frustrating that would be . you just have to speak up and tell him what you actually want to hear and see how you ' re feeling . maybe he just isn ' t the right man for you .
so from what you have two other people in your life you don ' t like either or both .
have you talked to your boyfriend , even though it does have nothing to do with the people who get hurt the most ?
you are even worse than your friend , you made it because you decided not to stop .
i just don ' t have that sense of emotions .
if you are ready for the change , i really think you ' d enjoy it
the truth isn ' t right sometimes . if you think you should talk to a medical professional that your seems like you have a good head on your shoulders , that will be all they can really do - but it might not actually work out like you think it will .
i understand , well when they have no response , that is their loss .
okay that ' s a good start .
are there any friends you can talk to about this ?
i do my best , anything else i can help you with ?
true but you just have to tell them to not obsess and just make sure they understand your cause . it would help a lot .
what is it you are worrying about ? i am a firm friend- what is the reason you have a relationship so far ?
you seem like you have more experience with covid , i hope it work well for you !
that is the best advice you can give it be my first
you sound like a really great friend and a good friend . i ' m so glad i can help . i hope that i have been of great service and that you are doing very well . best of luck to you !
it ' s good that i have someone you can call and talk to .
so you have worked very hard , and it ' s making you a stressful employee . you have not really been doing your job well at that one . is that correct ?
what has been causing you the trouble today ? have you had anyone do the same as yourself to assist you in the looking out for you ?
i can imagine how much of a pain that must be , and i can tell it isn ' t the only reason you are in this loop . have you already signed any other employment notices from your company ?
are you at a company that is usually such a good business for that situation ?
are you happy working from home ? do you have other family who may also care for you ? are you able to live with people you think are close to you during this kind of time ? do you have any family that might be of help to you at this time ?
i understand that well as it does not seems as though we are having a chance to get back on your feet by moving your line from home and it sounds so exhausting right now . i can tell how worried you are as i have to agree .
do you have any family or friends that could help you out right now and we can look a the other up ? it might be a positive for your mental health to ask for it at this very moment .
do you think you can take on an extra season of something in the meantime to take the edge off ? i know people that have done that and they feel fantastic !
that ' s great that you are finished ! you have just been working hard to overcome the depression . i think the life is in some way better now than it was when i first started having these feelings .
do you have any friends that have social support ? i am in a similar situation and a lot of people have .
i really wish you well in the future . i do know you have the right to work to do what you want to do so don ' t let the pandemic affect you no less . that is the most important thing right now !
you are most welcome and good on you too ! have a wonderful day !
happy to talk and be help
and please do __unk__ pray for your best __unk__ unfortunately . i am an old very scared older woman .
you ' re very welcome .
i am doing well seen , how is your day going ?
what is your major in school ? maybe i can help you and perhaps you can give me a better learning system or maybe you can tell me more about you ' re struggles ?
would you be interested in something else from me today ?
i ' ve definitely been in your same place before . i definitely understand how you are feeling in that one , unfortunately , .
that sounds like the most awful paper i ' ve ever written .
thank you ! and you ' re welcome !
that was great . i am impressed . that ' s the confidence you need to feel happy after graduating . you ' ll be amazed . that is a big confidence .
hello , 1st century opening . good day ! hope you are happy .
how are you doing tonight ?
is it you i ' m fine thank you and how are you by the way ?
yes you can see your details , there is a button on top of the picture that will give you the data on the details i believe .
you were the first to actually answer so it seems you have got it well be6
your relationship is so much in this country . i am sure you are not alone .
you are very welcome .
i think you have got to just read a few books about what helps .
you too and you too . i hope you feel happy and truly feel good at the same time .
it has been hard right now . i ' ve been there . i ' m here using bdw and asking you to do some online to__unk__ ither support to make you feel better . i can ' t go all the way .
would you rather spend today at bed or at somewhere or at your computer ? i ' m glad i may have been able to chat with you tonight or at some point in the day .
have you ever tried meditation or exercise ? if so , it might help to get that focus on those things you enjoy to while sleeping .
does not that seem to be the main motivation you have for your life ? perhaps that is what is missing in you . do you have any hobbies that you like to do on your short stop time in the morning ?
that sounds like a wonderful idea ! do you think that one of your outdoor trips is going to bring back new memories that you used to ?
yes , you and your aunt and friends need to stay in touch as you said they do not know you personally when you talk to you have good time with people you trust and you need to take care of yourself .
i have never tried it but i hope i can have you try it sometime . i really hope you have a wonderful trip and i hope that you will go really well as well . is it good you feel that you need to take a shower ?
i know it is hard for you to take time off work or see a therapist , i ' ve been trying a lot of therapy myself and i just can not agree with everything that you can come up with .
i wish you very well today and i wish you all the very best in your survival !
it is a pretty effective motivation . you ' ve got this ! it will make you feel a little better and hopefully you will have at least a little bit of your family to be with in life . i know you can do it .
i can imagine . it ' s so difficult to not be outside and it seems you are dealing with your depression in a way that is upsetting .
so it sounds to me like you are feeling lonely as you have been losing social security and there is nobody around to support you .
i have been feeling this way too but i have so many family i can spend the holidays with and spend the holidays with my friends . i am totally in your situation right now . i do understand how you feel .
are you a caretaker ?
zoom definitely . i use zoom and facetime both while traveling a lot too . i definitely find it very distracting to have all the meetings and how not to get separated when i visit my family . i just have to remember that sometimes it is not really for everyone and it happens naturally .
what is the most stressful thing you are out of work right now ?
yes , not getting outside would be good right now . it was lovely going the day out and going to the park and fall too , have you ever heard of this in your life before or during the holidays ?
there are sometimes express emotion in public however social engagement is often sought out during these feelings .
i also have struggled with depression and i am trying really hard to grow as a person to try some new things . __unk__ i try to focus on staying in shape , it helps !
have you at all thought of staying at a friends house and sleeping outside until a pizza is delivered ?
exercise will really make you healthy as well . this includes running in the snow , reading , reading and video chatting .
that is good that you are worried at the moment . what is going on that makes you concerns ?
what school do you attend ? that sounds like you are struggling with __unk__ what do you do when you have trouble ?
ah i see . have you given in to academic issues ? i know there are your peers out there who have been quite good in the world with technology in such a good kind of system .
i feel the same way i try to get well can i say what i do about my anxiety it is completely shut out , have you actually tried to explain it to people ? perhaps this would encourage you to try the less agromental things to do that are easier for you ?
are you working on that to make time for yourself while you ' re playing ? what can you do that can put your mind at ease as to why you do that ? is there anything that you can do to make it do what it is doing that you could do ?
what do you think might have made your anxiety to it in the first place ? do you have a journal or have your work account online ?
does your school have exam offices in your school that you could do it at ? could you let the students do tests there if you had to do that ?
does the school have a mediator or has you feel you can ' t do your work or that your grading is fine ? i am realise some did just treat you well enough that it is no big deal but you could try and ask them to help you make an effort .
what i suggest is you check if there are any organisations in your school that might be able to work with you on your academic records to combat that . maybe they might be able to switch things around ?
they might be feeling worse for you but i would at least treat them as i do , i always do i - i just did it and it made it much better . i even have a counsellor for depression .
i feel that they would have some way of telling you that if they could do anything for you it would not be for many more counsellors there are for anyone but their worse .
do you think that you could at least get some sort of contact with the school or community or do some online school schooling for these strategies ?
you are not even sure that your team mates are right for that first thing in the morning
have you thought of talking to your school counselor ? if not , they are glad to be there .
if you need anything else , i would be glad to do so .
hi ! so can you tell me a little bit about how you are feeling sat or a little more information about it ?
i ' m sorry you ' re having such a hard time . have you tried to talk to anyone about it ?
i ' m glad that we can both be supportive of each other . it sounds like you ' re dealing with just the right things , at the right time of the year . have you tried going to the city if you don ' t feel comfortable there ?
i understand how you feel when it ' s really tough . i also don ' t think i could live in another lock__unk__ down like that . i think it ' s another cycle of unforeheard decisions to leave this country to bleed us dry . you ' re not alone in this situation .
i feel the same as you as well . my partner ' s being further south , so i see your concerns also .
it has been a rough year for everyone with a ton of uncertainty . it ' s great you were able to both move and do your job better in winter ! i ' m really glad that you ' re there in this challenging part of the year to prepare for everything .
well , as long as the vaccine works , i don ' t think we should find out what ' s actually safe now . i just hope we can see positives for the things that we need .
what have you noticed so far , have you been going through a new root you think is contributing to your sleep issues ?
that sounds like that may not have anything to do with you being lazy and using things you need to . have you not noticed any improvement in you other than the way that you feel about a new approach to the solutions you ' re all facing lately ?
you ' re so welcome . i hope that my suggestions are of a benefit to you as i have this same concern . i really believe that you have a lot of great things in your life to do and you have even thought of these things if that makes any sense at all .
i can understand that and have a healthy obsess as well . i also totally understand that it is the negative time . i think we all feel a little bit in this new year ' s cut out for the year .
yeah , and of course not just you or a shopping pathfinding in general , but the physical fitness and walking that some people are talking about this year too __unk__ i actually like walking on a lazy cycle , i can get by .
i definitely wouldn ' t have did it if i were in you situation .
also . . . it ' s been difficult to seem all forward and probably even remove them . i ' ve felt a similar way over the past couple of years . i wish we had left for christmas and avoided celebrating with my friends all the time .
you ' re welcome : ) i think the best i can say is don ' t do that and it ' s okay to be there for you if you ' re trying to do so .
most definitely this will be in another lifespan - we ' re all thinking of what we would do if things had been not so perfectly planned , like during the mid 1990s we always did things correctly .
i think you really are right and are doing some things right but you ' re taking them to the next level
that ' s wonderful to hear ! are you or your family okay ?
you ' re very welcome . : ) always welcome . i hope you have a wonderful day and everything will be okay for you . i hope things go well .
my pleasure , i hope i can help you some . i know how you feel about things in life and we are not all dealing with it , don ' t you think ?
thanks and you too , you ' re very welcome and all of the best
i ' m glad i was able to give you a kind talk today . you need to hit quit and take my pl__unk__ nap . i ' m totally lost now and am so glad you are talking to me . i hope it all works out for you today .
there are many restrictions that are out there these days . how would you like to go about causing your ageism and why are you worried about the future ?
i have to run for the day in fear i may be fired and lost my job . i understand how you are feeling in this pandemic . i can definitely relate to the need to work in this time . you ' re in the program at this time , and yes i completely understand you .
well , at least this is an opportunity to learn a new new subject then ? are you feeling that the global situation has been financially less sudden and you don ' t have as much of a shock when you see it ?
do you have any other hobbies or are you interested in the netflix lifestyle or new and exciting things that have been going on ?
so , it sounds to me as though your anxiety is a manifestation of a lot of pressure , and there you ' re trying to keep your head on straight , in control of it .
that ' s great that you can have that sense of media responsibility !
have you ever tried to numb your anxiety by quietly reaching out to a professional to do more right about things like medication or meditation or learning what not to do ?
i was glad to hear that .
i am sure that is going to help !
well , i know that as a / we we could all benefit from the hours we have , even though i definitely can relate to you . i think that i would absolutely be calling this pandemic out if it happened to me , and i don ' t think you should .
it sounds like you definitely do need to find the right people who are willing to recognize your strength . it ' s going to take some time for that if you don ' t already have that fear of being one of those people in that conversation .
you ' re welcome . and i have to end the chat at the last minute ? i have to clear this chat . : ( i feel so left out today !
do you feel you are sad and unsure ?
try to cheer yourself up and get some fresh air . i am sure you will be feeling great soon . .
yeah i know you are having those feelings and it is really not healthy . so i understand .
are you alone at this time ?
have you talked with your boyfriend about this ? have you noticed that your friends there are feeling a bit frusterated and upset with you in this personal interaction you have and you don ' t trust that he will be leaving you .
have you actually tried just putting my our spaces in when the dates are on . .
does it bother you because you could talk to him privately ? what can you do to let him know you need support when things are not as you want to ?
why do you think he is this type of guy ? i can understand how that must be difficult if this is what you feel .
do not let it be the end , i suggest you can end it and try to go healthy and you have your lo__unk__ e which you will definitely find your happiness
please try to get on your own . if you keep your hearing from this person you will find new people . .
i get that you have depression but i am sure you can get a good therapy session to help you with it . if you would like i could share it with you .
no one will be sure . you should feel embarrassed but try not to think that . what is it you do best ?
i would recommend ending the relationship when he seems happy then reaching out to help you work through the depression
anything else i can help you with ?
oh . i am so sorry that you are feeling that way . i know it can be very difficult when school work is so stressful . when did the pandemic first triggered , did the school just have the classes over the day and not go back to the same time that they were planned ?
that ' s understandable to feel that way . i have been in that position in the past and i can relate to that feeling .
well do you have any communication , practice , and strategies that help you meet those expectations ?
well from chatting with you i can tell this is just coping with covid ' s pressure on you . i would ask if you have an official conversation with her and have a future relationship where she is reasonable with you .
it sounds like you really have confidence that you have the strength to do your best at school but it is getting to a just that time , an uncomfortable time for you . is that correct ?
do you have school responsibilities at home or just with school at the moment ?
i hear you !
there are certain colleges that you might have an easier time with . i could see it being frustrating for you . you have the right to be frumiting . however , i don ' t think that it would be the first time that you are playing it wrong .
have you thought of doing some sort of daily study as a means of providing her with social help by asking her to use the money to better herself for things you enjoy ?
maybe have your parents give you some financial help just in case she is not coming to your door and she is trying to get you in debt .
have you considered just making some sort of classes at home ? it ' s good that you aren ' t working with amazon right now . there is a great online job that you can get to jode a good deal in your community .
people do love school . most people who are honest do . do you feel that this is a routine ? what specifically do you enjoy about school ?
it sounds like you are doing a great job at it i do feel that you can learn so much from school . i have been learning things that my parents can ' t even imagine !
i am also a college student and i lost a lot of friends when i didn ' t feel that i wanted to do well as i am at a college . you can take it easy and it will ease up so don ' t be afraid to talk to more if you want .
i really hope that things pick up in the new year , i feel that you will do a great job ! i also hope that you are able to get away from the house soon . i know that the grass is always greener on the other side of this problem .
that is a very difficult situation . i had to sort of give up trying to be nice to my friends when they didn ' t support me .
well , if you would like to try some of those , you may find it easy to finding some support there as well . i have been in a similar situation .
have you any tried to find what is causing your anxiety ?
hello , i can ' t believe you haven ' t answered this , how can i help you ?
what is the stage for that is so hard right now ?
what about when you try to have it in front of people in the first place ? do you think you will forget what you have talked about before getting the presentation ?
okay , it is normal to have that fear of finding yourself that you have been outlived by a mirror . do you feel as though you are having to prepare and practice rehearse all your lines ?
i think it is less of a negative way to promote a positive test , so i think most people would not fear you doing a presentation so much as they would be sure that you are working out of your comfort zone even if that is why they would be scared to .
you are very strong on that 100__unk__ live emotion i have .
i try a few steps a day before each release . meditating will also help .
yes it is a great idea . i always had such a same tendency to be negative or praise others when i do it myself ! try to do that when you are on your rehearsing stage . you really want it to be more positive and positive .
i also have experienced like that and when i was i my late and my lines did not get as well .
it may take time , but i think it might be so much you learn to think once you get into a better position that it might be the best time to start selling stage merch for the company .
is there anything else you would like to do ?
good what about you ?
that sounds very hard and there is nothing you can do to please everyone so don ' t feel bad , depressed people need to be at least takes a try to make you feel better
i see . i had the same problem when i was younger . in the past , i could not work due to coping with this unfair virus . it has been very common during this time for me .
don ' t let that bad person get to you . my advice is to do a meditation after you feel this way or you can go out and try to do something positive . is there a in your own town that you can try on the way home from work to make some friends ?
what has you feel overwhelmed by this ? is it from any other event that has been going on for these specific reasons ?
being overwhelmed is understandable . do you have any meetings , as well as setting aside some time for yourself . you should have an easier time getting through this through your hobbies .
do you have any hobbies or had anything you can do about your general feelings after getting the vaccine ?
i agree with you . it ' s been important to focus on getting things under your control during this pandemic . with that you can focus on all that matters to the world .
and you get that by using the technology of you let me know that it does feel good to breathe in some breathing exercises in . just have those .
it is really a good thing that we have this technology ! and with the vaccine being so important at this time . . it is great that we are losing those uber customer services . it puts us in a great position to travel and delivery would still be a great way to stay safe .
you can quit and ask for a new start at the same time . keep looking .
i hope you have a great holidays ! this pandemic can be something to keep your mind off of it .
that ' s totally normal : ) i have felt very one - on - one with my online friend groups !
i totally understand that situation . i have some professors that i didn ' t know i worked through .
i have a strong stake in your paper , is there anything else you want to talk about ?
if that were really the case , i don ' t know that you would be waiting very long for anyone to make an offer .
perhaps you could end it with a physical paper and drink then make it on the way ?
have you had any sort of medication to take during the studying and making it go less oh well as you don ' t want to get any in your brain as a point
getting nailed on the lob is better that that so i believe it will be alright .
and sometimes give the blows to the grad student lol or make it a state paper __unk__ d
do something like play card games or do a project on a fridge on a coffee table or coffee reader and have some wine while drinking .
my advension is dont leave your brain nor get too close but not too close as the weed can cause melatonin to " come form the stem "
i do not grow weed __unk__ d but i used a real spore shall" source in my backyard .
oh !
engineering sounds good . have you ever sited anyone ?
ah so it ' s more a do not do this paper things going then : ) i can see why that would be enough to make it difficult .
i am certainly not a doctor but i ' m glad i could give a shot to you if i can : )
ok good : ) good luck and have a great night and thank you for sharing it !
i ' m sorry to hear that ! can i ask what it is that is stressing you out so much ?
how did it go on that is so stressful and i can understand how stressed you can feel when you have been preparing for that deadline . what would you like to do on the paper ?
i understand that . i can tell that you are struggling . that is the way i would think that everything work out if it makes you feel any better but you know it will .
very true it sounds like . it seems you are having stress over this . well i just know that you are very committed and you can do it !
you are not doing so bad , from what i have seen at this stage of my schooling it ' s more of an upper management training
absolutely ! that will make you less motivated . that will eliminate you from being motivated .
focus on the goals you have of putting together . the time to think will progress quickly .
always stay focused , you will take your time whenever it is best for you . have your parents watch you doing relaxation this evening .
if you are feeling anxious , you should practice some breathing exercises that you enjoy and remember . once you are with someone , it should be a good setting to make you more relaxed . you get to relax now .
your welcome . i ' m happy you are a more active and benefited from your time . you will do great ! ! ! ! !
hi u too ! how are you this evening ? anything you are interested in ?
please tell me more about it please i would be able to help you __unk__ - ) please tell me worker
a lot of people are feeling that way , are you okay with it at all ?
just that you can be there for her as much as you need to if your partner has not been a great friend during these years for you .
do you have any hobbies for either of you that you have really enjoyed making those breakthroughs ? just an awareness of her being in a horrible hospital has also helped me a lot too .
what is it that makes you sad and upset the most ? have you talked with a close friend who could play on your social media that you are doing well with ?
has the search been allowing you that you are trying to see what the alternative option is , whever it is that is likely to take the desired result .
so you are angry and upset because the immigration is closing
thank you for the amazing take on the situation
oh i wish you the best and stay safe .
of course .
best of luck to you
i am doing good .
do you know why the other guy he isn ' t interested in you ? what is the relationship even about if it is about the same ? is there anything that you could ask the other man about ?
do you feel a relationship is strong enough to find you something you will find like one of your other relationships ? if you don ' t feel anything good in the relationship with the other one that is completely understandable .
i think that would make a good decision to make . personally , i like the idea of not having to wait too long to be in a relationship . it has some very , very big issues i ' ve had during that time in my relationships .
relationships in the moment can sometimes be for the long term if you have time . one thing that i personally like to do is to spend my time where i can grow up without all the pressure of marriage or covid .
i think it sounds like you are worried you have unhealthy libido and may be too sex - negative for your own good . when i was in my 40s i could at least enjoy a nice lamyself on my self and not always want to buy anything with it .
do you have any friends that would be interested in the same sort of thing as you ?
that is a difficult time in our life . i too have have been in this situation and i have to take a deeper look at all the responsible people . it can be hard to look at things from a one on one .
from what i ' ve seen having confidence in yourself and what you feel in your heart won ' t lie . do you think it ' s good if they find out about you ? sometimes guys try harder when they know there is competition .
sometimes have you ever tried to ask the other person why the one they are looking for you is this person your in a committed relationship .
it is a silly thing to think and a rather scary thought . things that they regret have to be let go in the end and that we just learn from that .
i wish you all the best : )
i ' m good how are looking ?
thats good i hope everything is good for you
wow that sucks you have that worry but i know you ' re in it for the better don ' t you think ?
so you have your pay cut because of covid correct ?
well don ' t let it scare you my family has been in the same same position for 7 years now .
i would try and talk with your co__unk__ workers what is the covid causing you so much trouble right now ?
just try looking online and then there should be openings out there .
i have been doing that myself and it has been very useful for my relationship with my boss . i agree it feels like there isn ' t that much open , but with good instruction it gets me something to look forward to .
i worked in it and i ended up looking at something from a family personal program and intterpersonal stuff it worked well for me but not as well for others i could join online small business trying to join with my family .
thats great you are involved and being active in the local community that makes for interesting things and lots of people go out for some volunteering as well .
are you taking any online courses just for the opportunity for a job in the future ? what do you plan on doing with your career in the future if you are successful with it ?
no problem hope it went well for you
you just have to remember we can either be strong and come out on top of this or well , we just need a positive solution : )
hi - how may i help you today ?
that is good to hear ! it sounds like you ' re doing well !
is there anything you can do to enhance your job search to help you build back up your income ? is that something you do when you have a less financially well off employee in your question ? if it is in your resume , you have a chance of fixing the problem .
i understand completely . i ' m an realtor . i ' ve recently turned this place down for a new place but i don ' t have the right motivation right now because of this or that . i have been looking for another job but i just don ' t have the ability .
of course . it could benefit you from asking such a worthy asking . that you might be able to work with your managers and pay a negative salary by asking about it . it could even be a gain you could appreciate .
i am glad that you want to come to it and see that it is a good first step . this whole goal is to stay in business . i hope that i can make you happy with that goal . thank you so much for your your time . have a wonderful night .
it also seems to me that taking another look would indeed have you being more directed by finding another job from your perspective . i think you might have this look yourself in the right though .
what sort of answers have you also needed in your search for a new job ? have you heard of any external training specifically for that type of search ?
of course i ' m glad i could be of assistance .
yes , of course !
i am very sorry to hear that , that is a really difficult situation . i would feel very bad too if i were you , because it would make me feel really bad too . i feel that it ' s most common at the moment .
so you have been feeling these feelings that you thought you were having and getting to the next . you must feel losing your loved one . what are you doing in those times ?
maybe there is something that you don ' t know that you can do to sort the break up ? perhaps you can talk to a person about it or have a conversation that might help you in this case ?
well that is a good thing , fighting that can only make things worse and has no long term solution , so do not worry as there is no one who can really make the difference in this situation . it just sounds like you are fighting hard on the right .
do you have any idea where this split was that lead you to the conclusion that you had a different girlfriend ?
i hope that i have been of some help but if you would like i could share it with you if you ' d like : )
well , could she speak with you when she felt like she did not want to , if she ' d been there for you before she was it might be hard for you to do something . you seem like a rather generally kind person who is kind and honest with her .
perhaps you could try something a little more simple . she might not be able to understand how you would feel if that ' s how you were feeling .
i think you might be better if you offer to do some flowers or messages on her phone ! i think that would definitely make you feel more good .
when you are bored at work why feel the need to ask people questions ? do you feel uncomfortable with asking people what you really do for a living ?
what i ' m hearing you saying is your job is dead__unk__ end and that this is a challenge for you , is it that your life and job isn ' t rewarding enough for you at the moment ?
i feel the same way as well actually , have you been looking into selling any reals of a life to spare you from living as sucks as it sounds and trying to find something to not have to do . i remember it took me a long time to get through retail and have any meaningful connections .
i can totally feel how you are feeling in how it feels to not have a rewarding job at your current job . it is an awful time of year to be a salesgirl at this point , and i can totally relate to how you are feeling .
that makes sense . i think as long as you make no sacrifices you can do great things in your life , people will see that you work hard and be looking for the right new job ! i hear you on a bad spot sometimes .
have you tried contacting any you__unk__ dates or had a personal conversation with a one off chat or personal lunch date to reflect on how that helped to secure you the position ?
well i believe there is hope for you ! you are learning from a really good and hopefully even heartful place .
yes it is , it is up to you to decide what is and isn ' t worth being unhappy in your relationship . it was a nice chat .
do you have any ideas that you ' d like to help with ?
that can certainly help as you can see some new small steps to the table that would help you in a other role . is it that that that makes you feel supported that your new manager is understanding and would work with you for guidance from your employment manager ?
is there anything that you like doing when it is the holidays ?
i think you should start getting back to your hobbies . having some fun with a good book you have might make you a better fit for a new job .
yes that sounds good ! i believe there are no magic tricks that great spirits take for granted .
of course ! i really appreciate your courage to seek help from someone you know extremely well and even more strongly just so you can be comfortable with your boss . i believe you have the best wishes and your best wishes will come from your good work .
can i help you with any other problems ?
