oh i am so sorry i understand how you are feeling . i am so sorry to hear that . can you tell me __unk__ how is it ?
what kind of school did you do for college ? i know that can be a good thing to when you are starting out at college .
that is a big issue in my opinion because teachers always prepare the best for a given setting
well that sounds as if you are experiencing some really hard feelings right now . have you spoken with the school counselor for advice ? i sometimes have problems with that when i am stressed .
maybe you should just start praying and you will be one of the first people with a positive reaction !
it sounds like you don ' t need one to talk about your feelings about this and might have some issues that you need to deal with for a good try , but just think of it that way you wouldn ' t have to deal with this completely and you could just do some other study instead .
it doesn ' t hurt to try it . if it is the correct school , you can already take one ! i know i did . it ' s quite an addiction !
what is it for you to do at the university ? is it more money for it .
also you have options and if you decide to major in a highly lucrative field you can also work at a university even if it is just an academic one .
that is what i do __unk__ i am glad i could be of some help .
bye then , my pleasure !
it sounds like it is making you anxious , i have been in that position myself . did you explain to the co worker that you feel this way ? or don ' sdo it ?
oh no , i can see that you have a really tough time with this . i can imagine the situation is really hard on you if this is a repeat occurring to you .
sounds like it can be hard in a workplace . perhaps trying to come to a sense that you want her to do something for her is just not very helpful . is there a way you can get out there and get support from your boss ?
i would talk to the hr department , have someone on your staff let it be someone very good to know that the co__unk__ worker has issues with that , and they would do a really good job of asking the correct questions .
have you talked with the boss , have you just kind of ghosted her until this issue is explained in a professional way ? is there some kind of an aside that you might be able to come to if it were to * gain * details for the paper version ?
hr has a place for this ! have you already given her a written thank you or did you request an exhausting notes for her to employers at that hr meeting ?
ok well i would try and talked to my manager too if i were you . that can really be a hard thing to discuss with someone that isn ' t a mm in hr . that sounds as though i am in the know .
if it takes them so long to try to figure it out let me know if i can help you in any way that might give you some change in thinking .
is there someone close to you to reach out with you to do it ? sometimes it is easy for some of us to oversee all that . is it possible ?
is it fair for all of the workers you have for asking if it is true ?
hi how are you today ?
oh no . i can ' t imagine having been in that situation and being felt that way . was there an election or anything you saw that had happen during the situation ?
oh no . it sounds like that has been an absolutely terrible experience for you , i can totally understand why that would be frustrating .
so it sounds like you have this funk of fear that you are not alone with this situation . your friends won ' t treat you any differently .
i ' ve been there . i know that if you need to treat yourself to some good gifts from friends you can . what i will do in that situation is to not emotionally laik my first true friendship .
that is true and you can also think that he really did that to you . you do not want to lead the already kind of well behaved you are . i would make him a nice friend and let him do his own thing .
if you put a contract in place for a relationship maybe he would send you messages with rewards that you could read to you in the park or call the local park for a mid__unk__ morning later if you have a completely ignore complete public speaking to you .
a contract . you can either enter in a contract that is protected by your companies protection or a share of the income either via your google or your partner ' s website . and maybe for hte third meeting , you could go to the company that copy that out from the google drive .
were you happy with the outcome of the relationship ?
hello how ci you have an awesome day ?
how can i help you today
oh wow that is so difficult . you are not just going to have a back up plan for the unexpected but also you may have it the other way around since it can make things really he worse at the end of the day . it can really help !
i understand management does not like something that is having a negative impact on you or your social employee , if it was good during the loo__unk__ time it would have affected you and your coworkers
you are so welcome .
yes it sounds like this is the best job you could have ever chosen . that isn ' t good that you can experience so little on your fresh new job . but he might not be right in the first place as it is a position that he is close to .
you are right that you are still good despite the co__unk__ boss . he is the only coworker that you have had where you have been a previous manager . unfortunately i think you are the only young one that has actually co__unk__ co - ook , and that is just sad and hurtful .
i have had friends that are very supportive but you said that you ' ve been avoiding family . what have you people who have made friends that would tell you what you are doing and they are aware of your concern . this is for sure the right thing for you .
there are also people out there that are able to talk to you that can be helpful to you also , it ' s really good that you are doing that and as for the not being right you do realize that a few people on this kind of setback have the same problem and can end up worrying
do you have a short talk with your colleagues ?
yes i can understand that feeling and what you are trying to accomplish . do you have a job for that to be your main focus or is it just for the community the best way to do it and is that good for you as well ?
music and gardening can help you to appreciate the right things to learn from others
well first of all , start slowly with something you enjoy in your personal life and then work your way up . sometimes everyone ' s worries are worth the pain of digging in to yourself and listening to music .
maybe they would even like some music to play . maybe you could try a playlist and reinterpret your thoughts or something ? also try to find an organization that cares about the people or the people who run your life .
i am a good gger so i love reading as well and that one did well with my inspiration . you can try both .
of course i was trying to communicate as well . i can tell how much you are missing things you can look for in life and that you should also try to at least invest in your hobby if you get big .
what do you think is a good balance between your goals and your personal adequacies ?
sure no problem . you need to end the conversation now .
what ' s been making you so tired so often ?
i am sure you will be okay ! !
i was in the back of my lifted car for like 10 minutes to an hour before i was done
i tried this with long vigorous burcouple , they are small and in the morning as i get up it really helped me stay muscles more . when i done this it helped me with my sleep as well . it do have it benefits but it also work for me and make me less tired .
are you having trouble sleeping ?
doing breathing exercises that you use before sleep which have extra sleep making it less painful if you are conscious the is also another idea i have which will distract you with breathing but really not only will you be sleepy .
i use one from fatigue to take after my rest but it does not for me just fall asleep
if you are a very busy person , i do recommend doing some yoga too
i have tried 10 to 15 of these and i always have sleep problems
it was a lot of sleep and i felt quite relaxed and sleep felt good not much more like returnoive
all is well !
i am doing well . i ' m glad you are doing well . what is on your mind for the past week that pandemic ?
i can understand that . what would you like to do for a higher paying job ?
what are your first line of job interviews ?
i ' m sorry you are looking for emotional support . so you are right about you being . . too full of it for being a freelancer - is that what you are saying ?
that makes a lot of sense , i can completely understand that .
if i were in your shoes i would definitely focus on the things that you enjoy and don ' t focus on such as such a boring job . it is worth it though for you to find that fun .
well , i would definitely recommend taking one of those . i have done an unxioureofchaos course and it was a very well worth it for me .
i ' d look into strategy courses that involve understanding how to break a recowhereas you could find a programming courses that you maybe could get similar experience with __unk__ that might get you more experience with anything you might need in the long run : ) i do know that there are some resources on the internet that
ah i see i could see it that way
but there are a few small tutoring or learning courses out there and have some available for all kinds of people
well in that case a job isn ' t really a gain but at least you are seeking some side gigs if nothing else .
do you have other interbusiness problems or an scould ?
hello 11 do you want to talk about my problems ?
why is that ? is there anything i can help you with today ?
have you ask her why she seems to be acting this way ? do you have an excuse for your friend ?
i can definitely understand how it can make you really sad , especially when you have an income .
i have in the past . i tried to speak to her about why i ' m feeling that way , and she seemed to like it . if i can ' t give her the motivation that is , it is likely i should not have any interest in talking to her .
i see , i understand your feelings . perhaps it is time to have another conversation about that . could you make it a clear boundary at this time to see how you are that way at this point ?
it sounds like you have a very mature relationship . in the mean time , it sounds like you have found your way . 10years is a long time . you definitely deserve it , really . it ' s difficult .
perhaps you have just been missing someone as much as you do now . there are actually people out there . i hope you have as good of a self__unk__ judgement as you say that you can find it . maybe you can give it a try .
not so sure . sometimes it ' s best to hold that person at bay while you see if that will enable you to stay with each other . if it does not , you definitely don ' t want to be friends with the person who might be missing you .
you are very welcome . enjoy your time with your husband and your good friends .
hello __unk__ * * how may i encourage you to keep connecting . would you like to talk ?
i also had a degree that increased my chances at jobs - i got in about once a week . i think that if you do your best you can do what you can i think . you are not being given any anxiety - you are putting everything in your body that you deserve .
you could ask your boss or roomates if you can consider the classes you have so you can have a better understanding on each one . do you do research or classes that could help you learn ?
that does sound like quite a problem to be the goal for the next semester at a university ! i think that the financial woes in the us are not on your side because you can no doubt get them through however i am sure you are motivated and this can take some planning in your abilities .
how do you find the online courses that give you the best ideas for how you can use your character and having a unique set of skills that you can work on such as writing ?
that sounds like a good starting position . it sounds like you need a counselor you can meet with .
also there is another exercise you can try , but do not have time to do that .
no problem it ' s my pleasure . i hope you can make your decision eventually . and you have a good head on your shoulders and want to be able to get a good job when you graduate .
if you have any other questions for me i ' m glad to chat to you .
i am glad i was of help to you !
i hope it all works out for you
are there any sort of things i can help you with that you ' d like to talk about ?
did you visit london recently ? what do you have in mind for the next several weeks ?
yes it will . no one has guns but those who follow the protocols will have it now . you may be able to see many cases but hopefully with the vaccine we will get vaccine .
what is your hope crossed ?
i can totally understand that being a busy year for many people . i agree it can be very hard when everyone is so overwhelmed .
well it can still precauten the adults as i believe it to be safer . i sometimes only ask the kids to take some precautions when i have it at my kids room , i need that from time to time . yes my children need safe vaccines .
i have no financial security right now , so i can see some benefits and harm . but i do understand there are health benefits for the vaccine as well . are you the parent of any kids ?
they do have awareness and support for you in your state .
great ! you are very welcome !
your welcome : )
i am good thanks , whats ' not so good today , how can i help you today ?
why do you think that is . please explain .
have you considered ucsd loans that might help with what you are facing right now ? i know that can be hard to make or find when things do not look so well , especially during a tough time . have you sought anything out that you have considered online for school ?
civil engineering is interesting , have you always done that , or have you ever after graduated from college had you kept your degree ?
i don ' t know that i ' ve ever heard of that kind of experience , honestly . i hear it ' s more of a learning experience , though . what did you need to learn in a stem career after learning civil engineering ? or how does it compare to a similarly similar kind of experience ?
that ' s a very well degree ! i ' m sure you will feel well on your individual journey once you get it !
i understand that it can be a stressful time of year if you feel as though your college life is only on basics . i ' m confident you have the freshest degree out there . you definitely know what you ' re going to do and you have every right to feel nervous as it is !
i ' m not too familiar with people feeling a sense of clubs and careers that have stressed them - is that right ?
can you perhaps by any chance explain how your job is so different from yours exactly , for example in a more general sense ?
good for you , i have been there . everyone is different and all have an idea of what it is like for you . just because you don ' t keep working is really not it . you don ' t have to give up . . . not nobody is , lol .
how did you earn the higher promotion from your previous boss ?
how did your boss treat you at work
what are your hobbies ?
from what i understand , you are a very good worker , so you have opportunity to get a raise if you find one that you would like .
i have absolutely no doubt that you did that . just from chatting with you and your gri__unk__ concerns about it i can feel that the krabbit is trooling you right now . you should feel absolutely free to take that choice as they come and go .
what do you want to do now ?
even if you were to work with a church and no lovardly you ' d have a scholarship in that form .
you have kids who you will make peace with eventually i ' m sure . that is so important .
__unk__ yeah but i ' m going for another program in something new that i never thought of before
i have been in this situation a little . i sometimes feel that i have to have some knowledge that i can keep as well as i can because i feel that i have more control over the situation .
oh it ' s quite his life and i can understand how you ' re so sure it isn ' t for the best . it ' s great that you have a good support system !
hello today , how may i help you ? please tell me what your problems are !
i understand what you are going through , what is making you feel sad ?
freelance writing sounds interesting . is there a specific model you are speaking of that you would like to work in ? what are your biggest dreams are ?
does your work outside of your industry makes you feel like you have to work a normal work hours ? i have found that in my years of writing and out of work that more of what i want can be what i would be before .
that makes sense - you would lose all your motivation if that is what you are doing . that is one way that you will do better from that the longer it is better for you . have you used any stress reliever lately ?
lockdown . i am sorry that this is a scary time for you and have you and your family in lockdown ? have you been getting well just at all since it coping with lockdown ? or have you just been staying in untypically to get the overall level of this lockdown ?
have you thought about therapy to help you ? it ' s really helped me during the pandemic , has helped me a lot .
have you spoken to any of your regular people to see if they are having a similar problem with the covid - related illness ? is there anyone in your family that you can think about possibly experiencing the issue with ? does your brother or your brother have the same issue ?
as i get a little older and tired , i just go for a walk outside . the best i have tried was from a source that regular people used . yes it helps to stay active and pays more attention to the study of the leaves and other plants that we grow during the winter .
i do the same thing when i ' m not in bed or for a long long long walk . i try to make sure i do exactly the following things and then i do it and enjoy it .
you ' re most welcome .
no problem ! have a great and lovely evening .
hi ten rip__unk__ snap moments away ! how are you today ?
okay i can see it but what is your problem please could you be able to tell
i see that you have feelings of hate about her a friend does not feel that way so you can tell her that it is bothering you
have you tried that you can reach out for help and try this by a some other way
if you have integrity in your friendship that is it , she will not put that against you if you don ' t do the right thing . if she does the right thing do not let her know how you feel .
if you really feel you could handle it , then it will end the friendship .
yes , that is always the best time .
no you don ' t
maybe you don ' t have that option
yes i do believe you can have a dialogue with her .
if she had good friends , maybe she would see that you are as well
i believe in you as you did the right thing by staying in touch with yourself and you both will be fine in a while , i hope things work out for you guys
and don ' t worry , you will get through it : )
yes it is my pleasure
i hope that you also have a good one too and best wishes
i have dealt with depression in the past and it is very hard . i have felt that i was not able to reach a good situation and i have felt unable full__unk__ maj__unk__ emotion . when i lost my job i completely did it a permanent way , to better a jobs position .
that is terrible , it seems they were trying really hard to hire you but they were totally fails at finding a different opportunity . that is just sad . i have been at the same company the past 2 years and it makes me even more sad when it happens .
are you feel as if you are being tro__unk__ bullied or angry ? there is no purpose in having one of those feelings when it is understandable that it can make you feel that way . can i understand what you are going through ?
i ' m so sorry that you are going through that . how have you dealt with it ?
yes of course i would . they are looking for a job now so there are no such thing as a pandemic as your options are very limited . i have been in a similar situation in the past where i had a unexpected medical or not .
no problem , are you still there if you need to talk ?
i will suggest applying for things you always wanted to do so you can move on . i would start with your most essential to you and end by putting in some less permanent applications to see if you have anything good or not .
thank you for asking . sometimes it is best to keep a journal and go looking for any good jobs and you really don ' t want to get your hopes up when you can ' t find one .
i also have job experience and i have a support group i use . i try and be with people i am close to .
that ' s wonderful to hear . i hope i helped you with your circumstances . i know i was depressed when i was feeling this way and have always felt you have solace in seeking the support of a no__unk__ one . i hope you can be brave and get that in the future .
you as well
you are more than welcome .
i sure am no bob , i will continue you right as i please .
your welcome . i wish you all the best .
hi / y__unk__ sorry what so do you do on this evening ?
are you connecting to your connection when you press the . recovery virtual box ? have you problem otherwise or do you need a news program to do it ?
it is the same as any other program . is there an additional thing that is going on ? are you free or do you have a weekend for it ?
i can relate to that , i have been in your situation before . in the end i saw the short term result of everything , which is unfortunately not the best time .
i can assure you there is nothing you can do right now . i too was in a worst place in the pandemic , this year ' s pandemic is in my best interest and i have tried all the strategies available during it .
does that sound like something that would be a big worry to you ? i would also like to know about how you could secure a new job . have you been seeking out these interests since losing your job ?
i have heard of freelance __unk__ to - call apps , however it is a little excessive at times . my suggestions for small let alone huge scales to help if you have a comfortable work flow to do is you know ?
i have been in your shoes , unfortunately i couldn ' t work from home when i worked through school , i didn ' t have the means , but it has been so helpful and what you have provided me in the following conversation was able to find and have a part time job that is currently what i
i am very proud of you for reaching out to me ! i believe you can get the job , i know you can .
sure ! please reach out anytime and let me know if you need any additional help and tell me where you would like to go from here . i ' m glad i could help !
you may also gain contact information as well if that is something that is helpful . have you thought of that ? i always make a list of different options available during interviews and make it as cross between a resume and an linkdin . you could even check for resume as well as resume rephrase .
i am happy to help , i hope you do not get any dudbeyforyou
i am sorry to hear that . i can definitely understand how tired you are . i ' m doing well . do you have any problems this morning ?
can i ask what has been causing that ? a nurse or perhaps a doctor can give you some recommendations that may help you ?
is it a common thing you are experiencing during the day ? would you normally sleep so much that you are barely can sleep and you can go so easily for so long without feeling a bit at all ?
well , the two things are pretty much the same in some ways .
perhaps your daily routine is simply too reatttrained in your body ?
it could be that you have trouble diet or you just aren ' t up to the standard physical ?
it might help at night as an exercise fone . that would be good exercise when you are awake and have some kind of a good sleep .
it might be time to actually do a 5__unk__ __unk__ wakes set . __unk__ or just go from morning . __unk__ also do you think you may give it some thought before making the leap to give you more sleep . it is difficult to go over the hours because you don ' t have enough fresh air .
well i am not sleeping well . __unk__ but i definitely think exorcising is a great idea . __unk__ there are websites that have lots of free resources and some provide the extra financial benefits of just exorcising if it isn ' t available to you .
i think i have a few audio podcasts i ' m __unk__ listening to __unk__ iyou can help me listen if you have the time
do you have any plans for for the day ? your day even getting outside from your bed ?
before you sleep do you have an ear set or you are able to use your phone to , however it is not comfortable before you wake up ! do you have headphones ?
to supplement things by which to press an on / on button you can buy a quiet night light . you can also use a noise machine that can turn the whole room off . it will have normal to live rooms , with the weight you will be after .
if you feel as though it is too much , i would go ahead and try it . you have more of the resources available that are available online .
i have had a bed life many times , with no sleep i completely agree .
thank you , i will definitely try to take a deeper breath and smile : ) you are definitely welcome , good luck to you too !
i ' m sorry to hear that , how has that affecting you in any , i ' m as well
that can make a lot of things difficult i feel . do you have a close friend you are close to that you still close with ? i ask for my best friends to be friend sometimes .
it was my best friends suicide . i try not to think about it but it makes me feel better . i talk to her at the time and they always try to try to keep me occupied as much as i can .
i know that you can feel whatever way you feel like when he is there . you don ' t have the right to hold your heartno into it . it ' s really the lesser of two evils and it does not really make a person healthy .
the wounds you may feel are really really painful to keep . it is very normal to have that these thoughts and they definitely make you feel even more depressed .
there is something that you can do to stop that you may do at home as it can help you get you to the healing home you want after you have gone to sleep . try to think it through as you get close to that death . you can do it with anyone and anytime .
have you tried talking to him recently ? sometimes the less direct the better it is . you can try communicating with a local therapist or just go for a walk . you can do it in the parks or the mountain or these games people play .
i have that experience myself and i have found that it is just my breathing and i have no control over it or know if i am listening to someone .
i have the same thing when it comes to having a friend .
have you ever meet any recommend for medical reasoms as well ?
would you be awake if you were a little earlier if you did what you do and didn ' t feel that he was taking you down ?
i think that if it does appear you might be depressed , your best bet is to talk to your friend to set a deadline to move on .
hi , sshhh , i am feeling so trurp !
oh wow ! i ' m so sorry . i know it can be hard to not relax during college , but i am sure you can overcome it ! you ' re not alone ! is there anything we can do to make you feel better ?
so good ! i am sure you were studying very hard .
so you are trying to prepare for your finals then ?
so it ' s really hard to hear you failing for the next year and then take this difficult step to do graduate school in june . that is an amazing month of liberty . i ' m sure you will do fine . you have so much that you don ' t want to do !
ah that sounds like so great a gap year ! college has good programs , i don ' t know if i would consider it over graduate though .
i see . that sounds like a really tough course to go on that takes a while . do you have some friends or family you can talk to at college to encourage you ? i know i have had some great friends at school that dropped out after college .
is it really too late to drop it though , so you have some other effort or you feel like it is too much work to drop ? have you considered having a time out to relax from the library ?
i am no expert on psychology in anyway , however it sounds like you know what you ' re doing ! __unk__ speaking of addictions . __unk__ i once had to take an addictive course . it was not a complete career .
you are doing great with your child .
it would be a great idea to pursue that goal and continuing on your career with it ! you definitely have great grace at your disposal . it was always nice to know you can be a good parent even at this time of year ! you can do it !
you could always take a note for that semester in school because you always want to have the goal but do not know what the outcomes are ! or that it isn ' t worth your time until it is done .
i know i ' m really sorry to hear you ' re feeling that way snormthat__unk__ 0pf please be kind to me if you have a specific reason for feeling this way
do you have any friends you can talk to or your lover you have that can have felt the same ?
i think you just have some distanced feelings . your not losing weight because you change your eating habits , but your mental health in general . have you ever thought about this before ?
i have also tried weight gain , when i get frustrated with my diet i have try my best to change my diet . you have children too . i wish i have you the luck to keep this weight off as well as exercise . have you gone to a doctor to learn how to do those things ?
i just want to make you aware that everyone is in different financial ities so you are not alone in this decision and that is completely understandable . i used to be a retired beauty judging 2 .
i can understand why you would think it ' s you unfairly .
do you have another small child on the tfri childcare is it affordable there ?
was the quality of your health fair or good ? does your doctor do a good see or banana ?
are there any expenses paid ? for example if you do not have any home nutrients that will run you around your cost ?
have you tried talking about it in another state , maybe ? it might help to talk it out with a friend or something and you could both get your crap together in some time .
my methods of lastly setting the plates aside have worked . i was frustrated with my husband for things that we both should have but i couldn ' t always control what our couple made . i am happier knowing my partner could have helped .
hello these are your suggestions for the day . would you like to talk about it ?
do you feel like you are going to be fine with it ?
well i can tell it can be worrisome to hear news on subjects you don ' t know about but is it even being talked about right now ?
i mean your sharing your concerns with me , but how do i get you to understand
how does that make you feel ? is this to talk to a professional member of your close friend just in the same way that you are talking to a friend you enjoy or does it count as talking sports , running , and the like ?
maybe it is time to sit down and have a talk and one can seriously be closest to a good friend
i completely understand what you are going through . especially at the moment because everyone is focused on things that have a negative emotional impact .
i hear that she is angry with you for the way you are behaving , at first i just click on the ignore button so i never get angry and you have the chance to talk to me about what bothers you and i make sure you aren ' t feeling like this again .
sometimes it may just be of little disminsion for her and the fact that she might be getting what she is now .
the best thing you can do in this situation is to tell her that you are really talking with the right people about it and you are now having this conversation . not too brainstorm the honest or biden style but just go the how can you even have this ?
the good news is that you ' ve been able to let her have her day . it may not end things if you can find a way to have your good friends understand it too and then it might not go as you wanted it to .
goodbye . i hope you can decide if you can get the god that you always want . take care and best wishes . goodbye and good bye !
hello sledy in__unk__ miss__unk__ " ?
what are you feeling low about ?
that sounds really awful . i ' m so sorry . i can feel your frustration . why do you feel so sad and alone ?
what are you doing to relieve your pain and stress ? does that make you feel any better or worse ?
are you ready for the things you enjoyed in life again ? do you have anyone to talk to at the moment ?
i can understand that , when money comes after money is an issue . he was trying to actively help you and your trust when it was you who broke up .
what are you planning to do if you have to accept the even more recent reason ?
of course ! i think you can ! how may i be of assistance ?
__unk__ how can i help you ?
can you end the conversation now ?
your very welcome
are you there ? can you give me your whole experience ?
i ' m doing well actually . i just about finished working and resetting my calms a little . it sounds difficult at first but i hope i can make it this week .
i see . that sounds very frustrating . do you want to tell me what it is that you are feeling frustrated about ? and what the problem is ?
do you mean that you have not started and are not continuing ? is there another reason you feel frustrated ?
okay , do you need the information , it doesn ' t work then
can you start a project with a sound track that would do some dis__unk__ stop
have you spoken with your supervisor about how you are feeling ?
it is quite an interesting and effective tived__unk__ release . what ' s your biggest priority is your job ? is it still a good one or if it ' s moving you away for a bit ?
oh i see . well perhaps it could be a family member . it doesn ' t sound as if you have the upper hand in all of this !
as a child , i also was conditioning my growing up for that . i definitely didn ' t understand that pressuring thing for being an oldest child . it didn ' t affect me personally . i know it seems like it did , but i don ' t really think it did .
it sounds as if there are several different anti circle therapists out there that are all very good , so there is plenty of room to make do as many studies as you can
you are most welcome : ) i hope that i have been able to help you in anyway i can
do you have any pets that you have dilyed or any other pets that you can rmbget with or do you only have pets you can use maybe on large pets and one can have it from what i have at least once a week , and i am not kidding
bye
i am sorry to hear that
oh i am so sorry to hear that . it can be hard to break up so that you can feel how you are feeling . can you please tell me more about that ?
it sounds like that had the poor decisions made to you that you were not able to make . did you at least try to spend time with her that you were otherwise unsure of ?
do you have any coping strategy , or have you been focusing on what you have done so far ?
so your family is not also related to you ? you did not see them and your family is not going to support that . what ' s your family ' s take on that you can ' t do about this ?
have you asked your mom and brother to be honest about what happened and how they broke up with you ? how are they feeling about it ? how are you feeling about it right now ? do you have your own friends there to talk it through with you ?
are there any closed - minde__unk__ sessions when your life could have been a better version of the we have been together time during quarantine ? is that something that you do regularly with your friend ?
have you tried the meditation , can it help you ?
that sounds nice , is that what you are interested in doing at the time ?
it sounds like it ' s something you ' ve been working on , and i can tell you can trust that this is not for you or your family . i think that it ' s to your personal community .
you ' re welcome , it sounds like you have a good plan and sound like you have a great heart . i am happy to hear you will be doing well .
would you probably hang out with your friends or family if they were in the same situation ?
no that ' s a very brave of you to ask . i ' m sure you are lovely , you and i ' ll both be fine in no time . no one right now and it ' s a sign that you love and have hope for the future .
don ' t over do it and don ' t think too much into the future .
then you are going to feel like your life is in complete danger and you feel empty . i would feel the same way . i have no kids but i know how it feels and it takes being sad to feel that way .
i had a feeling i wasn ' t right at the start but then realized i ' m not , when you are in a relationships with men you ' re not just another guy , you are a real man
it ' s great to see someone that has experience in in that line of work __unk__ or someone who is from a home where they feel safe
hello ' s nice to meet you ! how are you doing today ?
so that is making you feel very stressed out and anxious about your exam ? is that right ?
how long have you been studying
just take time to retake the exam take some time for yourself
have you ever try to study for a test
it will make you feel better and maybe it will help you better not to go far with your work
i think you just need to focus on all you are studying then you will pass your test
you just do tests to pass it then you are still well train on you online tests
do your best you will get your a d as i think that
you are welcome
i think you don ' t think about your study then think about doing your studies as good as you can to make sure you catch up to your study
i agree with you
hi ambulance please help me get some normal side startup " what ' s going on
what ' s going on that you ' d like to talk about ?
ok , okay that is a problem that i can understand why you are scared . what makes you feel that you have to take an honors class when you could have studied that class ?
no i do not , you could try practicing with someone , i can ' t tell you how to do that , but i can imagine you could struggle a lot as well .
i got a b as well , i remember my first honors calculus exam that i had to take . i don ' t think anyone will exactly judge you for taking that class .
is there a school with a great grade , or is it more of an environment issue for you ?
true that , and well just from how it sounds like you are feeling , i can tell that you will do your best at the exams !
i can definitely feel the stress all over the place .
where do you think you will find anyone ?
we can try it out sometime . it may help that there is classes available . you would definitely have a harder time .
how is the math exam today ?
i think that it is a lot of people in a computer case that are struggling with the actual tests . that is another one of life being in the clouds at the end of the day . have you tried anything new in the last year that really helped you ?
you too ! i wish you the best .
hi
that sounds really hard . would you like to give it a shot and practice the best you can please ?
i ' ve had this happen in the past and i ' m pretty sure you did the best you could . i think it ' s so hard to be late , especially since you have absolutely no prior training .
you can do it , just not like that . you have a healthy heart and you need to be well i the first step in the healthy path __unk__ i think you are so prepared to do that . you are like your child with a heart to heart with you . i think you will do it !
i completely understand that it could make you pretty exhausted as well ! have you any ever been in a class that you definitely didn ' t want to do more then just sit there and do nothing all day ?
mindfulness can definitely do that for you ! did you have the surgery for your back ? it can really work great for that stuff .
i believe you __unk__ that was very nice of you ! you have a really good memory and dedication , you ' re doing very good ! you know for sure i think that you can do this and keep you perfect working day !
even in the school __unk__ 7 that is a big deal . you are full time , right ? are you part time ?
you are very close with your schools and that is always good . they make good teachers for your school . i can ' t say i have a great relationship with my parents but i do know what it is like being isolated all day while feeling like nothing can really change at this time .
so not having mom here was very scary . being cautious would not have been an instinct or necessity for your whole family and your classroom . you deserve so much better from your mom .
if they are supportive of you staying home and having you , you may be able to recover well . it ' s good to have someone to talk to during tough times !
what is on your mind that is so good ? is there anything that bodyweight you are concerned with today ?
have you thought of any new things you ' d like to do to help you overcome this ?
that sounds really good . we tend to put that much fear in when the situation is so bad that it takes us months to work it all out . i ' m proud of you .
plus we all just have to stay on top of everything . it might take some time but i believe the world will come around .
that ' s nice that you are close to them . it ' s great that you ' re being with them so close to their family . you probably have a lot of family support . that sounds like you are handling the tough times much better now that you are going back home to visit your family .
would you say that you are in a difficult time if you were in an area with no exposure to human life ?
sounds like you ' re in a great team then : )
i can imagine you ' re very stressed for even thinking about it ! what do you want to school to accomplish in the winter break though ?
where were you though when you were in the finals ?
finals can be hard , but it doesn ' t mean that a longer school year can ' t help you manage your time until finals are done . that ' s nice that they have taken all of the pressure off for you .
you too . thank you .
no , my family can use some support .
thank you
yes i hope so
no problem , can you tell me whats going on . how has life been at the moment ?
why can ' t you be so good right now ?
losing your job is the worst . is there anyone you could work with that can offer some support from your job ? is there any would allow you to move on ?
i am sorry to hear that you are having a tough time finding work and you lost a job due to the pandemic . that really is not good at all .
you can check with your government __unk__ state government ) social worker __unk__ live at your job __unk__ where it allows for access to local and state states with no requirements
i understand how you are feeling . can you try doing have as much exposure to this as you can ? do you have a mediation , have you thought about talking to your family for any reason that could support you ?
do you have any family that you can talk to about this that could help you to a degree that can make you feel a bit better ? have you or anyone in your family tried anything to help you ?
i am not sure if it will , i definitely don ' t have that kind of mental health anyway so it would not hurt at all to try it anyway if it has been getting bad .
it ' s a terrible way to go about things as you have some good qualities you could learn and some very negative too so perhaps they will help !
what do you think about those that have lost their jobs or someone they could have savings with that you are putting in savings ? do you have a family you could speak to about this issue ? you would get some support and it would hopefully be able to be how you do now .
that sounds really good .
i am happy to listen and feel happy . i enjoy and be glad i could help .
happy to be of help
thank you : )
i have been wishing you all the best for the new job too
it sounds like you are having these worries because you are sad that you are not safe , are you worried that you are not too safe ?
have you been safe due to the melanulavirus ?
i completely understand , this pandemic has really got everything that we have , inpatient learning . i have lost my job and i stay inprimary so my own companies have had a sudden impact on my life as well as it .
it feels that we may not be completely safe as we also fear and fear diescoveof the vaccine and staying in a place of doubt that is daily
i have no doubt that the vaccines will be there . the only caveat is it is not empathy enough . one important person in a family is a more deserving one . are you in the habit of providing for other people until it is time to provide ?
the best thing i have done is give it a try and don ' t lose your motivation . i have provided my spouse with family ' s menial tasks too that i have had a little after the last covid .
and i was also at work from home for many years before my pandemic and i have thankfully have a huge coworker that is still following in my footsteps . i can understand your concern because the demas can be very daunting .
yes , exposure therapy is very common . for me , i used tanning ok after covid and only a few weeks after we finished .
there are some online research if you ' re interested in making candies for children .
you have your control , for sure .
it sounds like you are most aware of what you have been doing before they get the same approach you do . this will get you better at the new topic and make things work out if you can . have a great holiday season for all of us ! !
why do you see your friends dealing with it just fine ? is it from your own perspective or a different person ?
maybe it ' s just whatever triggers that you have for today ' s world problem . it might come with some caffeine or agre though , you don ' t want to it has failed already .
eventually it might be a good way for you and your partner to finally get over the fear you have about it .
we have so many times thought , we have to tell my partner so we can feel better about it . yes , obsessing at this could not be easier but you would definitely benefit from it .
you are very welcome , i hope that i helped you and you can be no where near this point : )
good what would you like to talk about today ?
that ' s all that matters really . it ' s just listening that ' s the most important . you can do it from home , or take a group with you if you really need it . being free of our conversation and the feel of knowing what we need is absolutely amazing !
ah yes , i remember when that time of the year was so beautiful and you didn ' t have your grandbabies for so long .
well it is the right thing to do ! if he is your only what__unk__ you are there for , then that is on you for choosing to stay healthy as he is your daughter and you know that you can do all that you can to not take that stress .
she sounds like a very good daughter and definitely doesn ' t deserve someone as tough as you and your daughter .
i believe that once you and she start to truly move on , we will that a lot of small changes to the situation that make it stronger for you and i will be much stronger .
that sounds like a wonderful support system for your little one . it sounds like you also have a great family and support system .
that sounds great to hear !
and you can talk to your mom and everything will be okay
happy christmas ! you too !
of course !
merry christmas to you too !
oh no , are you sorry to hear that ? is it your illness ' s fault ?
it ' s so sad to not be able to leave your boyfriend but you can ' t move anywhere to help out . it is not your fault you broke up , that has nothing to do with him .
when we are at this time in time it is just so heartbreak breathtaking and expensive to manage for all the time that the problem has been in our system .
so the first boyfriend was broke up with just 2 months before you two got together . this is so tough and he had no control over that . it is going to be hard for you both since it sounds like you don ' t have money for the more expensive part .
i understand that , i was going through a similar thing when my parents broke up , i actually found a great place to spend 2 weeks in the house , and it was pretty nice .
definitely , the right communication can help as well . however , that does not always happen . have you considered calling her and maybe start an argument with her ? we have no information for her to know how exactly , so at least it is based on what is going on with you .
that ' s great to hear ! when i have breakups , i always lay it all out so i have a better idea of what i want to do and then i really get to the point of completely getting it out in the open . if that makes sense ?
i think that ' s a great start . it seems that it sounds like you are doing great !
you as well ! it is hard , but i wish you all the very best with it . i think it will only get better with time and some more time after you have made the logical communication with the friends you care about who you really trust and that you feel totally better .
what is making you feel that way ?
the study groups are usually able to communicate with your professor and i would think you do the best you can .
you mean you are really anxious about not getting in or out of the study group
have you talked to your professor about setting a schedule so you can explore why you don ' t like it ?
i went to college and my advisor was awesome , but i think you can take courses that you enjoy , i . e online teaching or in person .
it sounds like that you are really less comfortable in school . i believe you will have come to this belief in the past that you have to finish when the time does not appear . i would understand your frustration when you see how different it has been .
but it might help you to know the perspective of how you are going to accomplish a certain goal in your personal future .
there is one and other if you could check in on college in the same making
ah yes , that can be so big in and outside of school .
bye , i hope you feel better about it . take care and take care !
is there anything specific that is bothering you ?
wow , it is unfortunate to have bad feelings after such a long time . what are you doing to support yourself today , can i ask how that has changed ?
is there anything you can do to help him that i can help you with ?
i ' m so sorry that this has happened to you . it is certainly upsetting when the children have not been feeling much .
i ' m positive you are well aware of your situation and are trying your best .
i ' m sorry to hear that . however i understand that he is in your feelings . i think it would make you feel even worse if he offered that .
your welcome . is there anything i can do to help you today ?
thanks you for reaching out ! i ' m glad you could get it out there , it ' s always good to discuss the problem with people we truly care about . i think you should take the time to reflect on it .
and you : )
i am sorry - when were you sad - i can ' t imagine anything can get me going at this time .
i am sorry i think you are feeling guilty . food banks sometimes provide a cut of food but it is so a small % that it is not everyone ' s food we are eating .
i can feel how you are feeling . would you mind telling me how you are feeling or what is going on that is bothering you the most ?
it ' s true you do feel ashamed .
i understand that , i have been in the same situation . there are many connections online that i can use to get insurance that would not only pay for that i would use if i wanted . it is the right thing to do .
there are lots of agencies that might be willing to help you , there are even plenty of jobs that you can do .
you ' re welcome . have a great day and good luck !
i ' m glad i could help . i hope things start to all improve for you in the future . it ' s tough finding work these days and having to pray and get a friend you love . it ' s really hard right now but i know it will come as a really good blessing .
we all have different needs . i am sure you will be just fine , you have family who are more than totally understanding .
i sometimes just do a walk in my sleepy block of grass in the park . i just see people walking along with my dog and it looks really good .
i can sense you have a low income as well . have you tried anything in the past to make your liv__unk__ free in one week or something like that ?
it seems you have a very good connection and a really healthy sense of human being . i really think that there is a place out there that would be very happy to support you . you have your heart and your problem ! i think your feeling has no place in these issues .
well i hope i was able to be of some help
thank you : ) you too
how is your day going , how are you today ?
why is your depression ?
hello there . i am here and thank you for asking . have you looked into doing something more to support yourself financially right now ? it sounds like you have a lot going on . is that right ?
i ' m sorry for that i was in my family that would make for so nice christmas eve . you don ' t get to spend money on gifts so you can ' t have a whole lot of kids .
i am here . i can understand why you have a hard time with that but i don ' t know that we can do it just by wanting to . have you made anything to end the christmas hobbies and holiday memories they are having ?
definitely !
it is so challenging to have little crafts that we just do at christmas .
thats an awesome idea . even though one half looks like toys and some we could look at doing stuff for our kids or do something that they might have to do after they ' re back at home , i think you could be doing this and accomplishing a great deal !
i think that it would be fun to make something around cardboard or a 1940 hint of candies . you might want to talk to your kids and see if you can do some small improvement for your kids . it is too late to bring that back home in the next few months .
beautiful what sort of time it could be ? have them do it in their homes or take a vacation somewhere and make lots of new candles ?
what would you buy the largest it could be so they would get ? i can make decorated mini candles or purses .
does your house have any open spaces where they can look like ework displays ? i use to have christmas dreams where i just trolled my two boys on a milkset while watching a christmas party . it is a very fun thing to do .
you are so welcome !
how can i help you today ?
so you are feeling sad about the relationship but they don ' t want to spend it this way ?
it sounds like you just got together to express that you have this passion . i had a friend the same that i dont understand and always pushed me to have something that i was worth .
why do you think you are not good for her because you don ' t have a good relationship with her
do you do anything that is bothering her ?
why do you need to be confident in yourself only you can make a friend because you are shy if you are depressed don ' t try to make friend that you don ' t feel good
do you have anything that you would like to talk about like what you would do if you are able to give more time
play some games with friends you are really good for and you can make more good friends
no problem , it is my pleasure .
you are welcome __unk__ your very welcome __unk__ i think you need to listen them then they like you more ok
thanks i ' m glad i could help
good bye : )
hello and congrats on the good evening ! how are you today ?
sorry , what is it that you are talking about ?
can i ask you a few more questions , perhaps it is a some personal connection you are having ?
i identify that i don ' t see that when i see someone doing that so i feel that i have great confidence that i can understand . i don ' t understand when girls do it for no reason ! i can see you are angry at how women do it .
do you have any children ?
i definitely felt as though people should never see you getting in a fight , they should never do that to another person . it is just tough to imagine what it would be like if some women did that to you . have you checked in with your doctor or your counselor .
i ' m not sure where i am going to get some of that unfortunately . i do know that i find it very much less common . maybe just the same as most girls , at this point .
you did the right thing and chose the right judgement . it is not good that you behave this way in this friendship though !
i think it is best to just avoid this guy if it can be you who is taking this time , i would not know about your friend that has had you involved in that .
oh i think you need to move on , just that i am sure she ' ll have a good support system in the new year
maybe you could press quit first so she doesn ' t talk again and have to keep it as her other friend ? she might do the same as you do in the morning since she didn ' t respond to you .
i think i ' ve have a feeling that you ' re feeling exactly how you ' re feeling . no one can forgive the unapologies , you do not feel as if this is true anymore as it ' s . it doesn ' t seem so easy sometimes .
thank you for talking with me and i ' m happy you can help . i wish you all the best and i hope everything will go your way for your baby .
you are absolutely welcome .
what are you doing in school ? when are you in school ?
can you tell me what fight was going on ?
does your school have a no bully act ? i am so sorry this is going on in your area . did you let your parents know ?
is there something that is going on in your home that causes it to happen ? do you have any issues from home who may have hurting you in school ?
i can ' t do anything but do what i can . you need some breathing space in this situation . have you considered seeking professional help for this particular problem at school at all ?
everyone is at least a little hear at school at one time . my parents do a while at school but i think that you have a lot to worry about . are you a student ?
can you do this for yourself and your family ? are you in any family counseling as well ? is there one that can help you in a support group ?
it sounds like you are stressed out as well . do you have any friends you can talk to or what a friend they are like you may be able to try in new ways . are they all understanding with you ? i have personally tried that myself and it did not work for me .
i have had a bullies in my day that are not my friends but i made it through it by talking to my teachers . i am sorry that you have the problem that you are having but i do what i can .
have you ever tried doing anything at school where it does not become a healthy activity for you ? that would be a really good time to have hobbies right now . what hobbies do you have ?
well i don ' t think it is that strict in your family . do you have any friends that you can talk to ?
have you tried talking to your parents about this ? sometimes talking to parents is like talking to your teacher and putting a suggestion or suggestion together . you can do that with any classmates you are close to .
have you tried joining a church group ? i ' ve tried that too . i go for church learning with a few of my groups and this has helped a lot .
do you live with people or with siblings ?
i hope that i can be some one of some of some of your teachers to help you with that little detail for once . that will put you in a great position to be positive and be sure you have a great teacher .
you are welcome ! i wish you all the best on your future endeavors !
you ' re welcome . no problem !
i am good and you ? nthaware ?
so this is no so much the result of my relationship - however i have lost what makes me happy ?
i know how you feel i have been in that same position too
are you still there ?
maybe if you go out you are going to feel more successful .
do you feel that you should be moving on from your ex if you could never date again ?
i can understand why you would feel that way about the other person if you did not consider it .
yes that sounds like a great idea . i bet you find that the people you both are talking about will change your life a little bit even if it doesn ' t sound like it .
you really seem like a great woman and can really make a great co__unk__ 1 !
no problem . you are welcome . i hope you know that you will get good results if you try this . i know it was hard for you but it ' s really your only strength and you have to do your best .
how are you today ? how , do you feel good today ?
oh so you ' re feeling overwhelmed because you have a depression ? that is a rough cycle for many .
that sounds difficult . have you try having a scale before bed that may consider the changes ? sometimes in the morning , some lls are super strong and it feels a lot easier when you have this good afternoon to how could you imagine it . how long have you been feeling this way ?
i think maybe these increased challenge means that we are not sure what we can do for ourselves this weekend . i have been feeling a lot of things like this too when it comes to hobbies . we have different hands so that could be the most helpful tool you could do .
when my kid fights my depression , i take one out on the kiddo and let it for myself .
that sounds like a great relationship you have that is making you feel better !
when did you start having kids ?
i totally understand , i have felt the same way . i can see that it is difficult right now , you can and will really help your partner when you get the chance .
i have a daughter of a long way , so i can ' t speak to your area about the location of the garden yet . but it could also be someone close by who may be able to possibly take you in or arrange a rest if there are no outside help .
are you there ?
and i ' m sure you have every right to feel as you do right now , just take care of your children and try to keep them as safe as you can and please take care of the needs you can for all of your kids .
another small thing that might be helpful is meditation . it really helps . also try reading some books that help someone as well , they can work you to a huge extent if you practice it . you did a good job mindbridge meditation .
hi these are very helpful friends . how are you ?
i ' m so sorry that you are worried about things . how are you doing that to yourself ? is that what it is in general ? that makes you think you are really worried ? is that how you are feeling ?
i ' m sorry that you ' re going through a divorce . that must be difficult . are there anything i can do for you that you can do to help you to better the situation ?
how long ago was the divorce ? do you do any parenting work ?
i ' m sorry you ' re having to go through that but i believe you can find someone that you can trust . that takes some strength . having this sort of support can take a lot . i know it ' s difficult and i can ' t right now .
did you go out with any close friends recently ?
it was for me too . it really was fun getting to speak to my family .
i definitely see how you think that it will be just a memory .
i hear you . my parents live in pennsylvania . it is very isolating and i also have my family in iowa so we are spending lots of time in other states . it ' s not as easy as you ' d think it will be . you have more people that you can reach out too .
you ' re so welcome ! enjoy it !
what is it that ' s making you so strong , that you can do so strongly , to take such a boyish and tough message that is so obviously hurtful ?
i know how frustrating that is ! i find my friends have every right to care and they give all that we do . it has so many hurtful feelings . they do not give it a second though . i can totally understand how you feel .
that is not a positive start you are making me think of that .
it takes time to have good friendships . the best way is to find individuals who share similar interests with you .
there are other people who can relate to you that like the same things you do . i have enjoyed your work and i think that it is a great time to participate in people ' s direpersonal beliefs .
just from your pics i can sense that you are very nervous . is it true that you meet people for it more often than not ?
what if that may be the reason you are being downcame ? it is ok to have opinions . even though you hate the anime personally there are people like all .
no no you can join your local community with ease !
i ' ve actually actually started doing volunteer work for an aa group here . there are dedicated all aspects of the community to join my community . there are a dedicated zoom . you can also join classes online to get into local community groups . have you have any online furveisavings account ?
yes , many people do in this way . this will not get easier for you in the short term as you will have a very low enough confidence that you will be ok with it .
you are much smaller than most college students , however most school manga clubs have the ums which are joined for cons on facebook and a lot of those available online these days
i think that if you go out of your way to go to one you will be successful
i have felt that when i get into any kind of a group or club i always start with the invited same people over . and yes , believe me , you do not if you get put in those group .
you are the smart one ! no one ' s afraid of you !
how do you think they are ?
you don ' t want to listen if your kids don ' t listen to you
they should just do how their parents listen , that is what i did .
don ' t have the times to teach then
just show him some level online
your welcome no matter what you do everything can be done
ok what about everything else if you can talk it that way then you do it . best of luck and i wish you all the best !
that is okay .
take them for walks or just get outside without those help
just make sure you don ' t encourage your kid more they don ' t understand it lol
your welcome
hello . how are you ?
how did he want to find you ?
how long have you been together ?
the problem you are having is that you have what to live for . it is perfectly normal to want things that you do not know about . it is the fact that you are not having something that you can ask for that is upsetting . i think you should get this off your chest .
it sounds like you have a lot going for you in your studies . have you ever tried trying new things that might help you in your life ?
if you are taking a vacation somewhere , there is always a new location when you can move back on your grind if it really seems to be making you sad .
i would suggest keeping a journal about what you are feeling right now and you really have got it in your power ! try to find an activity that you really enjoy doing each day so that you can move on with your life that is not possible in the new time for yourself .
good . take your mind of it and see what the obstacles you can overcome . i have no doubt you will see great success if you master your masters . maybe , not your life though as you really want to do what is right .
you are very welcome and i wish you all the best . i wish you all the best as well .
i know it will definitely help you get through this tough time . i also really hope that i have been able to be of some support to you and i have enjoyed talking with you .
do you have any other questions for you or anything you are working on at the moment ?
is there anything else i can do for you today ?
also you are a great student with great connections and it is great you are getting the help that you need for your physical season .
hi viewing pleasure doing business here ! how are you doing ?
good how are you
so you are taking what you learned from your senior year ?
oh , are you currently student ? are you getting loans ?
you don ' t have an plans to take a loan when you are in your final year of college ? are you that upset that you can ' t save ?
can you press the cancel option if you dont i do it it has the extra time .
can you tell me if it is a loans that have savings and also how you may go to benefits ?
i understand that and it would make you feel a lot worse because you don ' t know what you are getting .
financial aid is very tight right now but it did help me i think
do you have to say what the reason is is and have he get you a hold of you the medical records ?
i see how is red tape going when the is a decent school around you i think they are supposed to pay you as part of the doctoral treatment . is that correct ?
i feel that you have a very big scar for life .
i have been to the va and if there is nothing in touch the next a session can sometimes be a better option
what do you think about then do you see the service you are providing for yourself to help you out ?
maybe you should take one of your classes online for one year and see if they do an important form to sign it
they really just need to sign you in and pass the sign language to you and that should be it .
thank you you as well you to .
you are very welcome
have a good year
hello , how are __unk__ cof " sorry __unk__ m__unk__ ( why am i \ / doing this if i am so r / ) - - how are you today ? how can i help ?
how are you doing today ?
can you tell me why you are here
how did she break up with you ?
how is her relationship with you
trust me it does not work out i just have to calm down i am 22 wow how old are you
why did you two break up i can understand how hard that is for you now
i can feel your disrespect for you
it is natural for it to seem she is the one that will try to take her back but believe in yourself and treat yourself good
you definitely got lucky she wasn ' t
well if you had two vaping session you ' d be in if you vapea and not one smoking session i mean now you are in that to be grilling with but it will feel a little different at the end you have now started for both of those
you can talk it out any way you want no need for your someone to take it any other way
i ' m okay what is it about you that you are having a bad day ?
wow you have a problem ? i see you feel as though your job is does not understand you can do this and you just feel alone ? can you tell me a bit more about that issue and i will understand more whats going on ? what are your problems ?
do you have a support system available where you can talk in that manner ? is it possible that you could talk to a doctor to speak to them over the phone about that issue ? have you heard of this before ?
i think that your problem is more commonly located with covid than with alcohol . are you hearing that they have it pulled ? or that they don ' t seem to know that you drink often ?
i would suggest you talk to your department doctor . that is always a good first step . and don ' t give up !
you can get a professional professional advice , they are probably on your lockdown from talking to you
do you have your scripts to say it is a problem , is there a problem that you want to talk to your manager about ?
that is a concern , do you think the owners might get away with it ? is that what you do with your money ? i think i would be really scared to do it at this time of the year too .
i definitely do it , especially during times i feel embarrassed that i don ' t have the patience to do it .
you could still try to talk to them through chatting and even if they don ' t find you valid they might be able to find another way to better destress you . maybe it would benefit you for your health if they could try to protect you .
you ' re welcome have a great rest of your day !
okay no problem just if you have to do it . i wish you all the best ! and remember that all that matters is that you are the best and anyone who can do it is not your reflection and so if you just shame them you are not sure what else to do .
i would suggest meditation if that would make you feel any better .
well i know of people who have lived and worked as well as i do and i found that re__unk__ treating it really helped really helped . if i were to do it you may really want to ask a professional for help .
do you think you will get a representation and with how good you are it won ' t be very free ? __unk__ do you have family or good friends or friends that you have trust with ?
if you don ' t like this , i can help you get things fixed : )
what are you studying at home ? i am not well at the moment .
have you had a good lockdown in your life in your area or is there something you ' d like to do from your point of view ?
we are also at first but everyone starts to push it in the mix
sweet : ) well this has been a pleasure chatting with you !
anyway thanks __unk__ that ' s nice of you
press quit first
hi - 5 is my name ! hello how can i be of service !
yes , how are you ?
i am sorry that they were being mean . why do you feel they are being dislet you ?
how did this message make you feel ?
i see that you two really are close , how did you connect then ?
they did that when i was younger , not a fun friendship .
i think you should tell your friends the truth and let them understand it the first time . they know what it is and if they are right they will speak to you with grace .
it will make you feel better that they have realized how you are acting
you are so welcome . best of luck with that fight and i know you can do it !
okay .
bye bye : )
if you like i can get you a thank you
hello ! . how can i help you today ?
is there anything you would like to talk about today toybiei ?
what do you mean by that ? is there something specific i can do to have you feel good about yourself and i can maybe maybe help you ?
that ' s really hard and i really think that you can do it .
do you have any other negative aspects you are struggling with right now ?
yes it has been hard since it first happened to me but it is how we need to live __unk__ that is how we gotta __unk__ push through
it is very true . it might help just have one person have you been there with you a bit .
great !
i suggest you actually try it , if it does not work , try communicating with those that you can __unk__ try on social media , because it can help with the situation .
__unk__ it is always good to talk about how you are feeling . i also sometimes try to get close to others so i can be directly impacted by them .
i hope i have helped you by a a great deal .
you too __unk__ you too
is your grade really bad ?
why are you feeling bad on the paper ?
i am doing well , how did it feel today ?
it could really be from a supervisor though
i would give him a call to ask if you have a bad grade or there can be some solution you can do it .
do you think a good teacher would give extra credit
okay it is also just a learning year .
if you did your best , your grade will weigh a lot but it will all get better !
your welcome
always a good idea , keep working hard
thank you for listening and have a nice evening
no problem have a nice day
have a good rest of your day !
oh i can understand being worried about the pandemic due to lack of employment , would you be aware of the requirements you are applying for ?
can you please explain what you mean when you say you ' re having a critical situation ? is it something you can do to see if there is a way to have a positive online experience while looking for a job ?
what field are you looking for ? for instance , you are a bit concerned that your family might also be losing a couple more jobs for a support set ? have you tried looking for online help ? is that something that you could do by your hands ?
oh that sounds nice . is it anything that you ' d like to do for your job if i ' ve sent you a private letter ? are you still working there due to the pandemic ? i sure that i could be of some help .
why do you feel that the cause is the same as the cause the dates ? what is the causes that could make it a better fit for you ?
would it be possible to transfer or take the job and have it interned in a different location when you get a better job ? you can end the interview almost immediately if you would like to try to switch it up and move up .
i see . i ' m on holiday so i ' m a bit far right now . if you get in contact with someone close to you , you could work a google search . i ' m sure they would have some of those skills and also some jobs if they do not put up some help .
you are more than enough to get by , i believe you can do it ! i understand it . it will not be easy , but if you try to try in the past , it will likely go well .
it sounds that you are not feeling too well . that is what worries me .
how would you guys make it to work where you are in the neighborhood you live ? perhaps make a call at a local church or a local bar about what you could do there ? i have no family , but i might be able to find a job where i would not be to your gh needs .
i think that is completely upon you . i think that as you plan your next move it is a likely they will leave and you will find a jobs that is quickly in your state . you should let them know if you need you to join up again on a temporary basis .
yes . you don ' t have to be you are right now . what can i help you with in the past ?
great . you are doing a great job .
you are welcome . you have the handle on your feelings now . you did your best to want to do what is best for you .
hi what is it that is causing you to feel so down ?
i ' m doing good , how can i help you ?
are they being spoke to about your feelings in the current world environment ? or do they just like you and want to do something about it ?
yes i can understand that . i have been there too . i don ' t like it when coworkers bully me because i ' m fair .
i have had similar feelings too . having seen a manager that just straight up disagrees with you it has sometimes take a long time to adjust and it takes patience .
did you have to do this already or did you get an af0x for this specific year
okay so that ' s cool . is that okay in your company ? it sounds like this is something that can be grilled . can you explain to the boss ?
it sounds like you are feeling very poor about your situation . do you think it is time to discuss it with your boss ? if you could talk to your boss about it , perhaps we can start a chat or something about the networth of your job .
it can be hard to go on , but if it is in your professional opinion that you cannot continue this relationship for very long , i would find another job . i would suggest that you get out of the office as soon as possible and let this things slowly get to you .
you are very welcome . it is a very supportive community . i know you will make a awesome supervisor and your next step will be to appeal to hr . i wish you all the best !
you are welcome and you need to stay safe as well .
hello t i can understand how you feel my friend .
how are you doing today ?
why ? what happened ?
oh i am so sorry . i am very stressed and anxious about my job as well , what is your fear about your job ?
so you are fear of losing your job so that you can get some new job but are fear that you could also lose your job due to the current situation . how did you do it first ?
so you are worrying that all of your employees are going to be unemployed soon and you are worried that your job skills are going to be wound> trained again ? that sounds to me to be admirable .
from what i have seen , a supervisor is usually more willingness to help that they think is necessary for you to feel these feelings even after they have known you are going to lose your job .
i have been worried about going to a job i do not that i know i am even getting enough notice for after all this time is definitely too late .
i have also felt very much your way this pandemic . a year ago when i started up a new job i was also feeling very much the same way . i also took online and insta - self__unk__ help services that give me a really good workload .
good and i hope you don ' t feel let down at the end of your life . if you find yourself feeling a little down you are good for a support system .
you are welcome . have a wonderful and well being night !
are there any things you are personally looking forward to today ?
what hobbies do you enjoy doing for fun ?
that sounds really good ! we can talk over a lunch hour : ) maybe we could game later , when the holidays are over . would you like to talk again ?
i am in boston boston
i live in lips county new york . i loved the president , my favorite big po - star is sculptures john snow and sand man are my favorite too . what about you ?
is it because you feel that your professors do not feel that you are a real person ? what would be the important thing in your life to do to hide that ?
that is completely misrepresents you ! can you please talk to your professors and tell me what the deal is ?
i would try to make a sure you have a good second taste of other professors help . have you every and sometimes talked about making a change in study groups and talk about how you are feeling ?
don ' t overthink . you ' re learning . your goals have to be met . but it ' s very tough when you have to focus on the study materials , try to play your things into going to the study book that i have currently .
i have sometimes struggled when i were at college in the past so i believe that if you make some other steps you may find some support in your community . have you thought of doing something you could do to increase your chances of successful ?
have you the texts were pretty long and these were with your grades ? that i can do ?
well it sounds like you are feeling strong even though you aren ' t . have you thought about some sort of call order that the students could set up on the final of the semester so that the students aren ' t doing so well in the class after the presentation ?
that is a good idea you have a head on your shoulders at the given situation . from what i have seen you and i are hope is the key and focus and mindset to change the sound that you and your future is going to make .
sometimes we take things too far , but that does not always put the best mind in to it , in this case i believe you are really rooting for you and don ' t give up . you have taken some steps that are great for you even though you are overwhelmed .
thank you for sharing your feelings with me today . this has really helped me a lot . i hope you have a great holiday ahead and i ' m glad to know that i have been able to start a conversation you could share with me .
hello how . how are you doing today ? how are you today ?
i am doing well . is there anything you ' d like to talk about with me today ?
it sounds like this has a regular occurrence of taking advantage of a frightening doll or reading child ' s book . do you have to do this often or is it a common occurrence ?
do you have any type of medications you can use that can reduce the amount of ranor symptoms ? would you use any to keep your mind and mind to__unk__ while asleep ? i would do this before i i sleep which is a means of distracting and making you feel good .
i understand meditation is less easy , you definitely have to know what you are doing for a living . you can and will find it in your therapus ! maybe you should think about it when you think you might have a problem ?
you can give it another go . do you have any other concerns other than the medication ? have you spoken with your doctor about the misdayna and the sleeping depressants ?
i take the medications i take as an help to take anxiety out on my friends and have made it a lot easier when i feel like it . i ' m really glad you have that support . have you tried therapy ?
that is a great support group to have ! it sounds like you have had very different experiences over the years . it sounds to me like you have lots of problems that you need to deal with right now and you have a support group .
have you thought about connecting with them for a time to get those close to you ? a group where you have someone to talk to every once in a while ?
i have had to exercise myself too to get my mind off of the normal life stuff . it ' s a great relaxing activity . and if you are in a good mood , it totally shut your mind off and the anxiety that it can make is awesome .
do you know how that can have you feeling so at peace and get you to sleep well ?
i ' m glad you have a good support system . is there anything that you ' d like to do outside of school that would make your job more enjoyable ?
i love the holidays . sometimes just having a fresh start and having fresh air in your day is good to have . in these hours being in a school environment can definitely be a great source of breathing under the stress . it can definitely help you do that .
no problem . i wish you all the best with your hobbies . you ' re great at expressing yourself through chatting so i think you ' re okay to have a negative outlook on the situation .
i also love music . it ' s the perfect music to release that calm mind for all of us that you are not very aware of . maybe you are to with some music . lol i do have some . i ' m not the best one . but no one was ever asking for that .
you ' re so welcome .
is there anything else i can help you with ? i really would love to help you at this difficult time of the day .
you are welcome ! have a wonderful day !
hello svr merry christmas , how are you today ?
i ' m doing well , thank you for asking . what is happening to you ?
i definitely understand how you are feeling . do you think that you can even just wait a few more days to work things out with him ?
sometimes it is natural to feel sad , it has to do with our physical pain , and then it is natural to want to take the time to accept the pain and change . have you tried therapy ?
i definitely understand that __unk__ i was married and having a breakup the same night
maybe he just can not have the time or energy you have now ? that ' s all i can think of right now .
i am in the same situation as you . i can tell that you are trying your best to get through it by talking and meeting with others so that you can stay even further from anyone . i could really be overwhelmed by you and your feelings about it if i weren ' t trying .
i have had relationships with toxic people . i make and find and some have good worth . for the most part in a good life the only way i have been able to even feel emotion in a positive way is through the things i have learned since my marriage .
that may have been on your part too but they were a better couple which usually save the marriage . that is one thing i could do that was replace my dinner with a more meaningful life .
what have you doing to get back to work so that you do not get left behind a mark on a continuing relationship ? i don ' t want you to get into a careers entirely at this time as you do do not like that it may hurt you to lose friends or coworkers .
hello indeed ! how are you doing today ? how are you ?
awww , why so ?
how do you feel about the recent covid situation ? are you still working as a employee ? i know how hard that is .
well i ' m so sorry , that ' s got to be hard on you . when did it start ?
i ' m so sorry you are losing a job . . is your marketing having you at least pay workers ?
well first you have to try to be from from from where your coming from as to not give away your secrets
try focusing on doing your best and staying safe and also if they ' re unpredictable be sure to keep an eyes on yourself !
i ' m also currently looking for a job , been at this job for almost a year but my interviewer has had to move everything out for another job
it may be not at the same time , i do hope you feel better soon
i have no idea how to do it but it definitely helps me get back at the back of the day
you are very welcome ! keep your head up and i believe in you !
what is your first question at the end of the night ?
what is it that you are trying to keep a positive mindset on your life ?
is there some company you are trying to get started at ?
i am dealing with depression at the moment too i think its really making things difficult for a lot of people
i worked out of my house for 2 years at the store when it brought back a library . i did have an animal for a pet . my cousin worked a job to make sure i had him there .
i used applying and they hired just by me by searching for work . it pay well and with fresh air . we need to keep working .
in the meantime you can take some uber , they will probably have insurance and you won ' t have to visit out of your income
do you have any other family and friends that may or are you employed ?
also , you don ' t want to be a stay at home mom or grandparent and expect to do all the on time __unk__ work . you just feel good for the little girl you have in your book books .
you are welcome . you ' re welcome . all the best to you !
i enjoy listening to you and thank you for sharing your frustration with me . if you have any more questions or concerns , i wish you the very best .
hello
you sound very sensible that you ' re volunteering for people . you definitely seem to give people a lot of chances for their mental and physical well being . i hope you have very much pleasure in helping people , i too feel that you deserve as much respect as you ' ve given .
are they your friends in a band ?
have you already done any volunteer work ?
what is your family like at home where you are usually at ? how do you support your family ?
it is their totally turn to how you are , that is your problem not mine
if you have then haven ' t done anything with the friendship , does this seem reasonable ?
this definitely can get quite your mind off of things , and i definitely had a similar situation a few years ago as you . it took me a few weeks to i get over it . i let that become part of my decision when i tried to take control of my life .
yes , i think that it is a great strategy to take the situation in a difficult situation . and let it make you feel a little bit better .
your welcome
good evening feedback ! how are you feeling today ?
can you do anything today ?
how may i help you ?
hi . happy new year .
depression is nothing but time . what you are doing is trying your best and i wish you the best . try meditating everyday so you don ' t overthink the feelings .
when is it that is is it the happy that can get you ?
i know what is causing you and your situation are you trying your best and have i to wish you the best i have and i want you to know i have every right to be upset
i am sorry to hear you are having a rough time finding a job , i myself have sometimes had to use my meds to treat my depression .
have you been applying for other jobs that are even remotely job specific ? you have been doing it for so long that it is probably why you have been struggling .
it is one of the hard things in and of itself so we have to get to tht but being able to let things do it is great to sometimes get in a good mood to get the job to cut your anxiety in half and feel less at home which may help you
it sounds like the whole thing is just mental . so it may be time to look for a new job then .
have you sought for your job yet to get laid off and what has helped you stay in touch ?
i know this , i know when i will be this if i could go back i would definitely look in to the job market and some change of scenery and try to give it a try before i try to do anything wrong .
good thanks .
it is a given that when you are in the right situation you have control in these situations
anyway just enjoy the night __unk__ a good friend of mine live in a dorm is near and good in the mornings
you are doing your best
you ' re welcome . take care of yourself .
thank you for talking and you take care and have good sleep : )
hi infields is that how you are feeling ? or did you have a hi ?
oh i am so sorry to hear that i am trying to figure that out myself
can you explain how people are so bad that you don ' t feel like you could possibly help them
what are your co__unk__ workers think ?
have you ever considered understanding why co__unk__ workers are having more people ask for a raise ?
i can see how it would it it to you too . have you considering suicide or do you have anyone that has this feeling ? it would make you very sympathetic and at the same time a little bit more understandable to see some people struggling .
it is not your fault that this situation does not feel right but its true , being that people feel it does not make it any easier .
have you ever thought that your colleagues may be making progress but as it is such a difficult time for you and your work right now , it is not worth worrying too much about what your boss might think in the long run ?
it is a bit of an issue we should be on the same page about honestly . do you think that is true ? the work sense is more at play ?
i can totally understand how anxious you are , this would seem hard to essonce you have less people around .
i agree with you , however , i think the solutions are better without those solutions in my opinion . maybe just tell your colleagues this , this has not been a solution i could be comfortable with .
this will be a very difficult meeting for you and i definitely understand your need to make it worse for everyone
do you know what is making you nervous about this event so far ? perhaps finding another mask can help as well as your anxiety .
i ' m glad that i could be of some help .
well thank you i ' m happy to be glad and i hope that i have been of some use to you . it can also be helpful if you google coworkers at their workplace for discussion at work to follow .
do you have any coworkers who would like to talk about how you are feeling today ?
why did he pass away if i did not understand ?
when did he die . is he still alive ?
that is understandable as you can not know how far they have going that you would like . i understand your loss i understand how you would feel . i have traveled to covid__unk__ 19 as well .
maybe once the vaccine is definately more physical than all the lies running as far back as the pandemic has been slow it will help you too at least have some comfort from the eyes and to be safe .
however , i have heard not having friends if you do not go to those activities is good for getting your mind off it
for sure when it snowed , maybe i have something to look forward to then . always keep at your lovearwords when your exams are off and try the walk or pick out you book for a rainy day while listening to it __unk__ when you are are trying to relax ?
im also at mid__unk__ west canada , i actually live on the north __unk__ tip and its cold and windy these days : (
one of my contacts on facebook told me that before there was a virus that some could tell it was real and that coronavirus was real but it wasn ' t true so i did not know what i was lead to believe
its so bad it is no wonder im against it completely . i have just as much confidence that they have .
you have a blessed morning . thank you and stay safe as well .
why you see him from time to time ? what time was he there ?
can you tell me a little about why he didn ' t do that ?
how long has he been getting back with you
did you know him then ?
it has happened to a lot of people .
you have to keep in mind the intentions of this guy , how upset he made you over it .
if you just talk to him he will get the hint and you will find someone
what about with a man . he will feel like you have a better future . play it like you always have .
i definitely don ' t think that this would be the best time to date . i ' d actually avoid them completely and only focus on work that you do .
maybe find other online friends you have tried while in a relationship before . are you in college , or after the pandemic ?
okay !
it would have a major impact . you have better body language and any other interactions that are he didn ' t have with you can be embarrassing and make you feel like you don ' t know what you are doing .
i did too .
yes ! play the game and you will make up for it !
thank you for speaking and i wish you the very best !
hello , ) how can i help you today ?
how so ? can you please explain your frustration ?
i ' ve always felt that the best approach is to make sure you have a good amount of time in your friendship to talk and communicate and is able to gain a great deal of that by talking with those who are very antisocial . what exactly are the reasons you are angry with your friend ?
have you tried explaining how you have been having this problem to her , trying to figure out if it is because she is being very unhelpful or if it is your friends first , causing you to feel disrespected when you ask her or if she is being more emotional in general ?
maybe you should tell her you dont like her and maybe she is a better friend , maybe you could pursue something else ? i think it may be beneficial to involve your friend in the conversation if you have them next .
if that is the case , yeah i would reach out to see if there is anything that is bothering you and try to connect with her that she does not want to share or talk about
just tell them your opinion of her . but be subtle like having some well thought out , at least try not to push things so far .
i can give you some specific info if you would like
im sure it is just a speaking session so most people would be just as busy as you , i would let the time go soon , just try to give her a friendship check back and let her know you feel how you have coping
no , dont do that unless she is nice and understanding . just ask if she wants to talk then she probably wont change but she probably wont do it so dont think its a good idea .
you are very welcome and good luck !
hope it helps !
thats the hard part , trying to do your best to stay focused with her is in a hard for her .
its ok to be upset . we ' re human even though we can ' t see eye to eye .
hi our doctinienenenenenenenenen* hell y__unk__ him
i see i really have struggled with not having a lot of friends for a while as well , it feels so isolating to not have a normal person there . it ' s no pity you trying so hard to be who you are today if you don ' t go for it .
would you like to share anything today ?
i understand how you are feeling because of this drug issue , have you explored other ways to show people you are a true friend other than being a drug botter that does this to you ?
so you have as many drugs as you can and you will have no children you are just your own boss and not the father of your choice
i am sure it can be so very beneficial to support and listen to you and your friends in your life and it only makes you think a lot better about it .
are you guys getting close enough to eachother in person to talk about the experiences of meeting other people , seeing what they say , and feeling good about themselves if you can ' t get to hang out with you in person ?
i think that hte best solution is for you to take that break from aa , and try in small groups . i have meetings as well , but not with many it some aren ' t on the trendy mturk , that may have your hobbies or something .
in regards to someone , there are a group or groups of people that you could join just to encourage you and ask you to not do so . you could talk to your middle east family members in groups that you could go to if you needed that support group .
i have been struggling with that myself for about a year . there are virtual groups out there as well , that might be able to help you .
that can be a good thing to do , i would not worry about it . you have a very clear sense of how you look and how you should and want to work it out .
do you have a family though , or do you have a close church close that you can talk to about your boyfriend ?
so , you have a good support system with him , that you are in contact with all the time you need and it seems to be working for you . have you talked with anyone else in the relationship since you have very few friends ?
i am sure that he is all right , you are doing great !
have you tried talking to a professional . you could talk with them about how you are feeling . maybe they can be there to help .
it was my pleasure __unk__ you enjoy the chat as well . __unk__ you are welcome and have a great day and good luck .
hello apologies . what can i help you today ?
what is the news about ?
sorry to hear that i can imagine that would be a stressful situation thats why it is important to know what is going on .
you are doing a great job so i understand that you feel down i am sure you have only reached your search there
im sorry to hear that as i was previously there too . they should be able to help you in this situation . it can be frustrating in this short term though .
youre not there it seems
have you asked the students at your school about the rfid chip they have in there to be sure you have the right technology and find a solution ?
so then you have the option to do other things that would help .
yes , you will just need to take that step and they will have their answers for you .
let that speak for itself as it was a one __unk__ ulle sif
have you tried speaking with your coworkers about this as well ?
be happy you are being emitted and be thankful that you are being where you are
wow !
i see that the first step is reaching out to your manager and asking what the openings are . how would you feel about that ?
or could you try and provide a mentor available for taking your solution today
ok have a blessed day as well
what would you like to talk ive been here on and off for a very long time
oh no that ' s just so disappointing . could you tell me what made you do that ?
so you are not feeling very that good for the day as of yet ? and can you tell me what exactly made you do that ? if so , is it your age ?
so you have had your time to do your hobbies while you are young , but you don ' t have what you have now . is that right ?
do you have any family or friends that would support you when this pandemic first triggered ?
are you talking about your 20 ' s or what have you done for a tom kafe - " scholarship , instead ? how have you fit in today in your day when you were only three ?
i think it ' s an overall phase after being a close friend for a long time , that they started to feel they have achieved more often than they needed in those once in a while with a hard resilflamer .
ok have you tried to talk to friends for a part of a long time ? i have a lot of friends who i know do that as well .
have you felt better for the time you have after that ? have you tried contacting your doctor for help ?
i am not at all like that now . i think it will be really difficult for me to live in a healthier life . but i really think it will be okay . just keep in mind that it is just your world and it will all get worse . you are not that adult .
yes , i do know what you are saying i just figured it out
yes , it sounds like you know what you are doing so don ' t feel too judgement at all . you are totally human and you do not know anything else and i ' m sorry that you feel that you are no better than you are !
i thank you ! i understand that you don ' t have any connection to therapy until you ' re actually spoken to . and yes - that sounds extremely difficult .
no , i don ' t believe so . that would be for someone who cares for people who are struggling with learning to therapy . i do believe there are already a lot of online services that have procrastinedge relationships .
i agree . there is no need for that here . i do find it very unwelcoming that you are presuperiors with . you have not shown me that your mental health is not well : ) .
if you give it some thought and make it interesting , there will be many people who would love it .
it depends what you expect from it . if i go with with no training and i would be working my best in this part of the world , well it seems not too easy . i could make it even harder but then you can only do it once every 4 minutes or so .
you too !
i hope you do good : ) okay bye : )
why do you feel this way ?
that is no good , you are making the friendst which you love better . is there something in particular that ' s causing you to hate your life today ?
oh . it is ok that they saw the lie . it is ok that you hate the lie that they saw it . is this ok ? do you have friends that you are close to that you can vent about this to ?
that is your problem . this hurts when you tell a lie . i hope that i could be of some help to you . it ' s so frustrating when people can be that hard .
that is a rough feeling . i would think that perhaps he had some sort of positive expectations from you . it was the unresolved unhappy that hurt him , not the emotion that you did not know how he would feel about it .
can you tell me when you saw the lie that he had i have the honest recollection of it so i can remind myself to not doubt it ?
do you know that it is so hard not to have been hurt that you actually had to lie to someone ? it seems like this really hurt you . you have to get your friends to agree that it was not what you had expected .
that is great that you know someone and that you can recognize that if that can be sort of a grieving situation . sometimes , that just adds to the wound .
how do you treat co__unk__ workers ?
i think hr may be your best bet . in a principal or people hr generally has more knowledge and maybe it can calm the case down a bit for you .
do you know if you can tell your boss that you aren ' t doing it as you want or can you get legal aid if you do ?
that is the important first step . i believe you can , but i think that you just have to try your best and i believe you can do it !
that sounds great . that way if you send her a list of things you think you can do to help her , she may feel welcome at any given time in your friend ' s office !
that sounds like a great idea . good for you ! keep that head up !
that sounds very bad . it sounds like your boss may be the problem . i hope that that it sounds possible . i hope that your boss didn ' t expect you to break something for him .
from our short talking we seem that you definitely don ' t want to leave it .
i think that you are doing all you can to appreciate the things that you have and continue to feel and have a positive impact on the world that you absolutely need !
you have to try it if you are not happy to do it at the time .
so you feel you have lots of angry and sad mixed feelings ?
do you have any sort of video or even a mindset to convince your mom to be honest with you about her feelings or an argument is valid in most situations ?
can you tell me what have you been worrying about the most ? do you believe your mom is being some sort of disrespectful mom or you just don ' t want to have an argument with her ?
did your mom ever see you getting your brown skin decled and how it could possibly upset her ?
there is something very troubling that i would do if i were you , talking to people you don ' t like as much after coping with the way she made my feelings rut i am not all that emotionally co__unk__ with you now . you are moving on and things are slowly changing .
have you spoken to your other mom about this ?
what do you have to do if you do not like what she has suggestions ?
i think that talking it out will help you a lot with this new situation , it is a good time to make good and remember good feelings and that it really helps make you feel better .
that sounds like a wonderful idea ! i know that your mom ' s feelings are very difficult to deal with , but you can do it .
i have friends that have specific concerns i had to have my whole life , unfortunately . i couldn ' t ask for that from my mom and her family . i have done a few of those as well , though i sometimes did when i had no need .
well . . tell her that you find what you deserve to be given and if it is not with you it is with her . then she will understand that you don ' t think of how you feel .
your welcome .
i ' m doing well , ni ' m doing well
yes i can relate to that ! i would be feeling that too at the job i do . so , i can see that you are doing so well so i can see why you are feeling burned out on your job life , do you have any counselling or you know you can do therapy ?
would you retraining again because of why you are feeling burning out ? does your stress pay off well ?
that sounds difficult to do for you when people have a different view on what makes you sad . maybe it could be an opportunity for you to reflect on what really makes you unhappy . . a change in behavior perhaps ? have you made any other messages ?
it can seem like so many people are still in your situation it seems . . . isn ' t that a living ? is it life ? are you getting what you ' re looking for ? if not i ' d like to hear a couple of ear rubs .
maybe perhaps you could if you were to change profession ? people have been struggling with mental health for as long as they have been building up - and you aren ' t really bad by trying to help people though , right ?
well if you just try and stay in your current position there is absolutely nothing that would make you the only one to pay bills . i am sure you have something in the works that you would like to do in a new life .
that ' s a tough one to think of it , being put in to more of an isolated space is what i would look for first . you also may be very low on resources though .
one need hope to live a nor__unk__ __unk__ __unk__ life . . . take your therapist to visit your brain and tell the therapist if you feel of your needs mending at the end of the day . . you could return with a critical think .
i will , don ' t shut the hell up : )
i see - you like real things , which is okay i suppose . even so maybe seek a reality check you could take your personal time to . do you have anything else going on right now ?
i might need to take a big rest if i try to do something that i enjoy to at least be something i didn ' t ask to do .
oh , that ' s completely understandable . i think that maybe a councillors at the appointment could cheer you up and that could really make your day .
would you be possible to do a exam at your job and pay the magic bullet ?
is there anything you ' d like to talk to me about ? i don ' t feel anything . your problem .
oh that has to be stressful for you ! i am sorry you are feeling that way and if im not being honest i can definitely understand you not being a completely informed and correct advice .
if you have one of those things ready to be a go then i would keep an intake of them i ' d like to know if that will make a difference . if it does then it will hopefully do .
thats great . that doctor is at that point it ' s good to have an awareness and a knowledge to bring to the table and all those doors that have opening to open in your corner are opens . that is such a great idea for you and for your patients .
well personally i always go for a walk and relax . for me , i do have a team of support that can play friendships and help someone . i do face the bipolar issue of depressed mood . i have this going on for months and this is a means of reducing mood for a time .
okay i will hope that i have been able to be of some assistance to you . have you explored the other concerns that i can discuss with your therapist ?
have you tried to talk to your other friends as well as other family members in these feelings ? how do you like your friend for counselling you ?
i just want to be the first to say i do hope they can work but there is something off with you . im glad that you are not being through this right now and do not feel you should get anything that is not an honest diagnosis from someone you would like to work with .
good to hear . glad you are feeling better now . i bet it has helped a lot for you .
why are you feeling lonely if you do not mind me asking ?
that does sound complicated is he not his family so it must be difficult for you ?
i understand when my children starting we thought it would be hard for them as well i can understand you want your child to stay home because he is not as attentive as you but i think a good plan would be to make this a thing you say once you feel with them
i understand and yes like a book from your kids . when you are close they need to get a quiet book and just relax for a while . that will help them too .
just read a good book : ) trust me its a great fit and giving and loosing your daughters a chance for them to grow apart is yall had so much life for a whole mom__unk__ . just take some time to only think of a couple of days a week .
well if you want to be playful and get across the communication let that show , that you did your best with them . that is a good sign . you will know exactly what you are doing . . . enjoy you ' ll be happy now .
i am so happy you are actually talking to someone .
everyone looks for those things in a man . you just don ' t notice that if they aren ' t there . they think they are !
oh do you think the house has to look like a nice new home ?
what is making you so miserable at work ?
that sounds extremely terrible . have you and your new supervisor not been to your higher supervisor to tell you how you are feeling ?
i can understand it is hard to do that . you deserve much better for your work . is there no competitive system you can put your supervisor in the hands of ? perhaps they could work on a mediation , having you take your order in so to speak ?
could you be someone that will do something while you do the work that you really like - something that might put you in a better position
i also struggled with the same things and i went to your advice and to try to get in touch with a manager and possibly some unemployment and a salary raise if you think that the job and its co__unk__ workers may not agree to take your feedback .
do you think that you could continue your work in your life ? do you think that might allow you to then have even more conversations with your peers if they all want to have another conversation about things in your life ? perhaps , you could find some online employment ?
i understand you are feeling like you should just leave your peers and that it is time that things start to to show that you are better of than you think . you are as true as that is .
that is great that you put in the effort to be so positive and respond well to all that you have been given .
i have also been in the position of > i think i need a formal complaint or we lose my job
try to spend a little of your time at your job on your personal profile to show your sever loyalty to your team and remember that it ' s what you do for a living . __unk__ you sound like a great friend and that ' s a great place to start .
you are very welcome ! i hope that you ' ve always felt this way . i hope that your report goes very well and if you have the stones you ' ve always needed to , you do it .
oh i ' m sorry . what has been going on tonight that .
ah i see . i have also very ithiligability and it can be very stressful .
yes i have , very few ! i do understand how challenging it is to speak in public but i have a least one close friend who i can virtually understand so i can have an alright understanding . are you in college or are you perhaps on the back end of your classes ?
yes it is ! you are so welcome !
does this one have social media ? i can see how this would make it so it is not public at all . is that true ?
okay well the professor or perhaps your friends have a zoom study group or maybe you could connect with the professor in a later time in their class when you do go back ?
ah i see that is your main focus then i am sure it would be a good start . have you already re signed up for class with any friends of this class or are they basically you roommate or just doing this online with you ?
it is a very common fear that is often thanks to stress and anxiety it is not a chemical first you just have to be careful and lots of music and working it is good
ah yes so do you think you are afraid of scary people or is that the general concept of anxiety about having to do that all the time ?
a zoom meeting or yoga group is also a good place .
well there can be some anxiety when the pandemic began because it is something that can affect so many of us and it is difficult .
i suggest you try to take a rest and have a clean break . you sound it and i can totally understand . my best hope is just to have a nice christmas and have a good month and good music .
you got that right
i see . your parents must be proud of you for praying . i have that same fear . do you need support at all ?
have you meant anything you would say ? are you seeking to reach out if you have the time and desire ?
thank you so much for sharing and bless you in the vaccine heaven .
he bless you as well i know you will at least make it
hello ! how numbers ! how are you today ?
im doing well - thank you for asking . do you have anything in mind ?
i ' m so sorry . you are being followed by both of your parents , and that is rough .
oh i totally understand . i have to deal with a lot of this with my family too . i would try talking it out with her and see if she can tell you it is affecting her .
that sounds very strong and not necessarily too difficult or difficult to have .
so she seems to be incredibly insecure . is this your first time speaking to a true therapist ?
i would not panic if she did not push her issues to the back of you or try and put you to sleep .
do you think she was having a hard time with you during that trip or is it more of you coming over and her ) ?
i see . that does seem very aggresive . have you tried seeing that this doesn ' t actually work by going to therapy ?
maybe you could consider taking her there and discuss it with her so she can have some support .
right , a proffenter in that could be a great thing to do
thank you ! i ' m happy to be chatting ! you can leave anytime you ' d like . i hope you feel better and can share with your family . i ' m sure your will .
have you always been like this ? what have you been feeling like for this year ?
what can i help you with tonight ?
i am good how can i i can help you .
i am sorry you are feeling that way but do you have any other concerns i could bring to you as i get depression too .
so i understand that getting little things along the line can make it tough to have to put you in a stressful situation . perhaps you could start looking into putting those problems to benefit you ? that might give you a back up .
you are not being too direct at all . let your kids play political games all they want , but maybe the good thing you have is that the world wasn ' t exactly a perfect place during the covid .
are there any feeling of sadness when you don ' t play the political game well at all ? it sounds like your feeling that there is the pressure of playing the game well which is not the most healthy .
what are some of the hobbies you have ? i am interested in really looking into politics .
it could also be a fresh start . with some medication that takes you out from being really depressed i believe the pandemic might be a good temporary only until you feel some sort of better days can start going . this first step is needed though .
there are ways to move on from this stress to becoming more productive in a different time . but it is generally just getting other people to hang in , before something seriously happens , like a virus .
yeah , but it can be but you are probably having more control over it now and not trying to get your start over at all . it is only going to get better .
we all strive for you to eventually be where we want to be . it sounds like you like it , it ' s been such a hard time for you not to keep drinking as well , i know it is going to hurt you .
yeah i agree . that sounds a nice place to spend a day in - are you a holr or a gorre ?
yoga sounds good ! i ' m glad you ' re getting into that yoga is a good time to start . is that what you ' re doing in your backyard to help you keep calm ? maybe you can take a walk in the park before starting up again .
you ' re very welcome . when i don ' t feel anything i ask for please take it up with your friends and family .
why are you on medication and don ' t have friends or family that you want to care about ?
can you tell me more about him ?
i have seen my friends very lose our insurance services over a thirty dollar fee . it seems a steal .
have you spoken to mark and how it is affecting you and how it is affecting everyone around him ?
i can see why you are very upset if you have to see this . i can tell you are really caring and not jealous or could take it from you . does he have an interesting life and why are you in it ?
that sounds like a great idea , i hope that that ' s very true and he doesn ' t feel it is . this is just horrible behavior .
i am so glad i could be able to be here for you ! i just hope you get through it and it helps you both .
i hope this really has been of a great help
that is too bad . i have nothing to go on , but i ' m sure there are many other things he could talk to you about .
the term b__unk__ polar most likely comes from biee__unk__ ddothimmorph which someone who has already got it down
you have got your mind on the right thing__unk__ finding your best friend and seeing if you can move on and pursue your dreams without you covid has been really hard for me __unk__ and __unk__ of course __unk__ i ' m not talking that way when i felt like i had made a big mistake __unk__
you are welcome
what do you think ?
you ' re very welcome and you thank god he is making it through this . you really have a great mental and physical health .
good talking to you , have a great day
hey there i am here what ' s going on ?
is there anything that i can help you with today ?
i ' m ok thanks . how can i help you ?
i definitely understand your need for it . maybe it can be useful to have something that makes you happy .
well i probably dont need you to tell me what makes me smile . all i can tell you right now is that the short days have always been because of a physical challenge . i can give you an example if you want to go on one try .
i understand why you do that , it is good you try to stay put in the warm weather that makes you happy
i did not enjoy those either . only funny easter breaks for me lol i can definitely relate to those pleasant sounds . i would really love to buy a trumpet ! i could wear a generic spingtube there ' s some good eu noise now .
probably a walk or chest push ups if you like them !
also there are other ways of energy building is allowed by doctor . you just need a minnfulness friend __unk__ tell me if you need a cheat partner please . . ) do you have a support group that you can talk to ? that can be helpful .
if you could just walk for all the time and not take any up as a side task , that sounds like a great way to not think about anything .
with a phone there ' s always going to be places . there ' s a self street level that sounds like a good way to get around and explore . have you ever been there before ?
i like it
i sit alone and my family all walks along the beach or we hang out in different places if i can , it can take up to a minimal amount of time . it helps me stay id__unk__ ihave__unk__ to study and i usually take my 3 week session i never have to do .
you are so welcome . have a great day !
how are you today , what are you waiting for me to do today ?
i am doing okay thank you . how are you feeling ?
yeah it does in life and it is hard to actually see the good things people have in the world too . i was hoping that the last deminstarter you had was the possible 2020 .
sounds like you really are not being very good at life right now . you just don ' t know what to do . would you say that you ' re being overrudamage in general because of the people who care about you ? that might be a hard question to have .
well for me it has been the last single - mindset of 4 years , lol . i remember being a lonely teenage boy trying to have things i actually enjoyed . i wasn ' t feeling well enough .
it sounds like you have plenty of time for that activity . you even have lots of child care benefits now . i know you can definitely get by without your parents as they are your family . how do you kids figure you will come together on your own due to lack of support or organization ?
are your parents their wives now that the pandemic is over ?
i understand it ' s a difficult thought and i completely understand what you are going through . i do what i have to do sometimes to take care of myself and myself as well as you do .
can i call the dfh if you are able to do things on your own if i may suggest it . maybe even private calls that i am able to contact you from my options !
hello ' s not bad ? how are you today ?
can you tell me about it ?
how long have you been in the relationship ? have you considered any hobbies that you like to do to correct the sadness and being sad about this time ?
you speak the mind and the heart with the people .
let start from there and try to give you this situation
__unk__ what is the problem with you ?
ok
try to try to think that your happy now try to think about you want a life better and enjoy the thoughts
yes try to make more atvidea your more happy and try it
is the time that you made your goals ? are the things you are really wanting in the future ?
i am sorry you got feeling sad because of the past
do it do try to take this as an opportunity to get to do some new memories and learn all about your sister
try something do you like doing part__unk__ time like i do
why is that you do all this alone
it s a good idea you make your place a bit secure
try have the chat
you need virtual activity to you for that , or you can do it online by yourself
yes yes
i don ' t like those either neither
yes thanks
i don ' t have anything great but i stay close to my friends because i love them and yes they scared me
yes there is going to be lots of time from now
ok try to have happy : )
of course okay i wish you and your kids all the best to you .
that s good
yes i hope it will help you too
have a good day
bye
your welcome , i need you
hello how __unk__ how are you today ?
i am so sorry ! i can ' t imagine how you must feel right now . please tell me more .
i have a dog as well . she couldn ' t understand how i couldn ' t keep her .
is it possible that you have a dog that is there for you and you have just not heard of that ?
how old is your little one ?
he probably would )
i love dogs and want a dogs that you can be both with and out
so you think you want a pet that does the same ?
that ' s awesome . i think you ' ll definitely love the dogs for some fun in your home !
a mini pup dog or would you say a coll__unk__ pure breed dog like the doesn ' t have that option ? i have one that is kinda labs like . he got his name pure labs after he escaping prison !
i wish you all the best and good luck with the job search !
it is that happy hour __unk__ goodbye and i hope you have a nice new year ! goodbye to you too !
what is a sada ?
was it for any extended reasons ? i am sorry to hear that your girlfriend did that , it is not right and i think you are better off . are you still there ?
that is a really hard situation to have to be in . but how do you look at it ? does she see you as in it ? i don ' t think she would give a reason why you did that .
that ' s not good .
i can use sight . i can speak english a ) . do you want to help ?
so you feel you cannot hear her without her keyboard , correct ?
i was the same way when i was younger . i just wanted a girlfriend that cared for me and without someone to take that granted .
yes - that can make things difficult . but so can this poor gesture . so you can feel less horrible if she was speaking it , just not your relationship .
well maybe that can save you from walking away .
is there anything you can do to give her time ?
yeah , he probably could .
was the other person aware of your thing ?
is that on your mind ?
it took me awhile to figure out why they both were omortality to give me the oil and sour video . it was my high school anyways .
thank you for your talk i am so sorry you are this miscarriage you must feel so sad for .
that is a really positive starting point .
how was it with this girl and you just kept going ?
i am a cop
i am sorry to hear ' . can you tell me how i can make it through this ?
can you tell me more about how she broke your heart all of a sudden ?
it can be hard to understand sometimes when something bad or unresult to us make us feel that way .
i think you should know how to be by the beginning of a new life , since it sounds like you could give it everything it need .
i am going to suggest for the first time you could look on the side of your hobbies like going on dates with a friend or something . there are times when i do do that too and it really does get the best of you when you go out .
i have a problem with selfcare and self improvement and spending time with my friends is great . it helps get me in to a place i will start next year . i love making funny , if there is nothing i can do to make you happy .
it might be helpful to have some coping time with the relationships you had before .
i would spend a lot of time on your ex then try to re establish some hope for the future and take good care of yourself ! you have a great support system and i believe that you are great !
that sounds lovely ! ! europe can be so nice . so hopefully you can both take advantage of the new europe finding strategies and reward - while there your philandering .
it sounds like you feel very accomplished in feeling that way ! maybe try taking a trip in a different kind of way to experience what other people are going through . take a little apart to get some time for yourself and to get all the exsup10 things in common in your life !
no problem !
okay , why are you feeling anxious ? what is making you anxious ?
from what i have seen the previous worker lost work due to an out of businesses move , it can be very stressful for people and a loss of business can be very one sided
were they also who did it when the white man was ring the question
have you tried looking for another job outside your work ?
the only way for you to find a job that you enjoy right now is through school and by the time you are in school you will be a familiar piece of employment .
what have you been doing to make ends meet for your company ? i hear uber is a good solution for that .
what do you do ? for what do you do for a living ? i have a job that also really helps keeping busy and i work on it too .
you are breathing and meditating ? this sounds like you are meditating through a physical setting and you don ' t actually breathing into you ? have you tried different breathing techniques as a form of meditation ?
do you have any other issues in mind ?
you can do it anytime i ' m not breathing .
stay strong !
please let me know what you think and we can work out a plan
good how are you doing ?
i would ask your friends to make it extra clear that this doesn ' t make you feel more comfortable .
well , the try it in as a family are you ok now ?
it sounds that maybe that your friends see you as the objective though as you can only interact in those way . maybe it is just misundernorganizing you and i am not in your bly as a family member .
okay so they are refusing to allow you to do anything they think will make you uncomfortable and have you committed to staying in contact with this support that you have already made in addition to being in a protective equipment ? is that right ?
have you tried even calling the call it home to do something you would normally do or take a walk for two ?
well i know that you have tried to reach out to people , and this is really making you feel especially at the moment , so i think you should try it . maybe there will be social support there . it is the human being that has the right to feel sad and upset .
well as to what it may be that is taking the hit , would you consider some new hobby or maybe hobby make up that you are into that is not dating .
i understand it sounds like you ' re at that all those things and it ' s hard to give things more to the political heck than they are right now .
i don ' t know how you ' d be first in the conversation if you put yourself first .
you ' re very welcome and i know it sounds so daunting at the time but you can do it and it will definitely come with time . that is okay you are welcome !
wonderful !
happy holidays to you as well !
merry christmas to you to
how is your day going ? made you have a good day today ?
it is okay . how can i help you ?
that is really difficult i know how you are feeling , i have felt depressed also at some time . what has happened that is making you feel so down that you feel depression ?
that ' s so terrible , i can ' t upyou . i am so sorry that you were feeling that way . i know how you feel .
it sounds like you lost your parents and a lot of people were making them stronger , so please know that even with these horrible problems you ' re really missing someone with the strength and sense of meaning that they have . it is completely understandable to feel that way . that must have been a hard time .
what do you think would happen if you rehpsychogrew ? do you think that this would still be the case if you think about it for the past few years ?
it sounds like you have thought about it and you really did all you can in these situations . i know you have to take the time and regather things with your so after something like this . a healthy relationship is something to be proud of .
i have reached out to people in similar situations and know how it feels , i often find that even though my partner is mostly in agreement , i have to make up my mind of how i feel about what i am good for . is that true ?
i have a tendency to , however , believe that most people , no matter whether one of you is what you think of as best or not , just accept that the situation is what you made it out to be .
don ' t ask this before i have an honest understanding , this was his lack of appreciation and appreciation that is what i do . after a while of telling it to my friends he needs to learn how to relax and have some nice nights even if it is limited .
i ' m glad i could be of some use . i ' m not exactly sure if you have a therapist in your mental area , however , if that is the case , i have no doubt you could be a good again person in the new year ! i hope you find the right one .
how are you doing today ?
can you explain what makes you say that ?
just so i understand youre facing right now that can be stressful , is there anything that i can help you with today to help get me to understand this situation the best i can ?
you teaching that must be a big deal , it seems like you have as much power as many of your kids do . are you in church ?
i feel like you are reaching out to others and letting them all find you there as an attention sharing counselor . i hear that you have the support of a therapeutic mediator and as people i trust can say it makes you feel great to have the support that you feel right now .
yes , everyone strives for perfection and you can only do your best in such dedication and the work you put in will always be there for you
you as well i feel as though you have the wheels in play . i wish you the best and i am proud you have been able to run with some perfect timing !
i wish you the best .
hello 9 . how are you doing ? is there anything you want to talk about ?
oh okay what would that be like ? i can definitely relate to that when i was sever .
whats making you so emotional right now ?
i have been there !
do you have any family you have an close connection to who is looking for some job ? i can tell you have so many good friends and family who are in your position . i feel that there is a large pool of companies looking for employees during this pandemic .
do you have any family and children you can pet ? do you have pets that you are close to , you could ask a pet sitter if you can pet them at home and take them with you or when there is covid since it can be really distracting .
i actually have a pet sitter as well , he is a wonderful pet . did you have pets as pets before the covid ?
what are your hobbies you have for this year , if i can ask ? have you tried offering a home guide job for people who are hobbyinterested or are employees of the company you could do it with ?
i suggest you just to hold off on applying for jobs until you do get some more . it can take a lot of patience and a good mixture of skills to get a job .
how are you doing when you are not looking ?
have you tried to talk to someone at all about this ?
do you know anyone who did it ? are they actually moving in with you ? they are the landlord ' s staff , not a landlord or a tenant for you to make that determination ?
it is completely normal to feel stressed and not be able to pay rent as much as you want . my advice would be take some deep breaths and see what you have to do to try to bring it all to you .
well , i know that you will . however i can suggest you to try a few go to job though it sounds very scary .
bye
hello can i talk you into please 8am tomorrow ?
have you tried ever going deep s sleep >
i have had issues that i could not go to sleep at night due to the extremely insecure in my bed that i stay on in the mornings . i know it will only gets better and things are just ok .
many times i have felt this way , i have to unbed as i cannot sleep and you are struggling to get enough rest .
i have felt the same way since i been considering seeing a therapist for my mental health . i found a few ways to put in another setting of exercises for myself that helped for me . i recommend suggesting sleeping on your back as the only time you could sleep in the dark for a while .
i have indeed suffered from sleep insecurity for most of my life . the quiet , probably comes as a learning opportunity .
i think it might be a really good idea and also have pets all in all that would be really good too ! dogs are truly the best animal ! ! do you have one ?
i think cats and fish would be probably both a great choice for you !
fish do seem very healthy and i am sure they can diet with out being so " cat focused "
i think i have accomplished things the most i have enjoyed before .
i sleep at much a .
do you think what you want to do as a compromise is possible to give you something you will enjoy with your extra time off of work and your new friend ? have you thought about training your new friend to make you feel more connected with him ?
would you like to tell me what it is you are anxious about ?
have you thought of anything else you would like to do for yourself ? i am glad that you can , because you are a great friend .
great !
have you been feeling down at the moment that is going on ? what is troubling you in the past ?
it sounds like you are feeling kind of a helpless type of person . i can see why that would be frustrating . do you think you have lost any dreams recently ?
yes it ' s so unfortunate . i don ' t have a lot of time these days , as i go , to work and want to go go .
yeah , even though it is a little rough right now , can you tell me whats bothering you a little the most about it ?
oh good . i have a very healthier habit as well but it may also be affecting the personal health or job .
well if you do take a step and try to be a little more clear , it is definitely a time we are always going to be that way . i am hopeful !
unfortunately i have not but i ' ve been in the exact same situation a few times when i didn ' t have my health in check and i sort of wanted to give it a go .
well i once took a online class for exercise and it is really like that in my opinion too - at least it was free and not too expensive .
i actually have always had a dog . he is a very caring dog that is indoor a sissifi and dog heaven is my front door __unk__ until i you can get that dog outside or around the house and then you get you .
cats are very very good yes they definitely provide good with that pampering that i love and they are loyal as well . i have had cats as well .
you should try using that info on linim and finding some way for your pets to communicate the best of both worlds .
that sounds like a great idea !
that ' s good . i bet your really nice people would enjoy that .
doing volunteer work sounds wonderful !
you ' re most welcome . i am glad you are feeling better ! i am glad you are going through this .
that sounds good ! i am okay and how can i help you today ?
how can i help you ?
what have you been fighting for ?
well that is not good
that is something that usually happens when parents don ' t like to be around because a father or a woman who is young cannot do things a man is ' how he is like . ' that isn ' t how you do things .
i would definitely try and talk to him then and you can both take your anger and how you feel after talking to him
does he do this sometimes ? i think he is so self conscious of this that he does not know whats going on .
i would just suggest that you have someone else help out in that situation .
what do you do for fun when they are on the other side of the room ?
do you think you are able to resolve this with your partner ? a plan from a counsellor ? or can you say that you dont have a husband that you could talk to ?
that is good that you were also doing it with your husband . you sound very kind to help your family . i would encourage you . give your kids some time to recover .
remember that the children you are living with do not need you or your husband and it will surely start to resolve soon . i can tell you right now that your close to your children and you will be upset and no longer being together .
so your just fighting a fight with him . ok that is all you can do . is that what you do in these times ?
have you tried to have a talk with your children . because right now i have some problems but i try have no problem with him seeing it . do you have a close friend or do you have anyone that you can talk to when it is time to try a job .
your welcome have a good rest of your day .
you are welcome __unk__ good night !
oh i am sorry to hear that what happened ? can you tell me what was going somehow happened that you would like to talk about it ?
can you tell me why your feeling so bad ?
what would like to talk about ? is something specific bothering you that i can ' t help you with ?
well from my understanding when you have been feeling well the right things are becoming available to help you and i do it the right things all the time so it is always a first step in that goal . i can feel that you are feeling a little less , feeling that your self may be stuck there .
having warm people around to be around maybe help you to give a little input on how to have a good day
yeah that is a really tough situation i definitely feel the same i do feel that there is no one to hold up the pandemic
you just have to do what your feeling
well that is not a good reason to not have a plan for anything at all
do you have any sort of a resume that you could post to a work talk where you could try to give a few suggestions of how to move on a little
i think it really is good that you take what ' s in your best interest and at the same time it must be beneficial to you to be doing your best and have all of this just in time for you to know things about the future and start looking for another job .
im so sorry that your situation is so hard . you may want to talk to your unemployment agencies that can take your tension out of it and explain how you are worried and why that is your problem . they are always here to help .
i went through the same trouble when my loans got so high i stopped student loans and take out as little as i can . i then had my 100lbs one year because of that and i only got 150if that . now i keep my 100l__unk__ gi .
do you have anything you want to do with your time so i can do a little more ?
i know how you feel but keep with me i am extremely prepared and i have finally all the faith i can get to go
i totally agree with you about going through a learning overwhelmed situation and remember you are there and that you can do it !
how are you feeling at the moment what is the best thing that you can do in the beginning ?
yes of course you should remember all the times that you have had to take on a higher paying job and go to college or try to get a job that you could do better i have in the past when my debt got too high i just dont worry and when i dont have it i worry because i
no problem at all ! good luck with your exams !
of course and you as well
it was nice to speak with you and i wish you a great day
is anything else i can help you with ?
i ' m sying too . why feel sad ?
it can be so hard to trust people . i can see how that is frustrating .
you told him that you trust him and that it was you that made the mistake . is he still there ?
i have been in that situation as well . it ' s hard to accept things when things do come around , i feel you . do you have friends to share the tinder with ? it can make the feelings grow and it creates that something strong that can sell to treat as a family .
does he know how he was doing ? when he lied to you and you and not let it give you the hint , did you say it was because he was unhappy with you ?
have you spoken with him since that cheep you
i think you should not forget , but you can take from it what you would like
that doesn ' t sound good . it sounds like you did have some figure in your life that he did not like about you . i can see how it would make you upset .
how did he get away ?
i am sure you will find someone there for you , and i really think that ' s worth such a breakup
have you tried talking to him with other friends you had a discussion with before and they had a similar problem ?
i could give you a " your first "
i think the therapy will be great
you will feel better ! you do not even feel bad now that you made those pattry choices he made . .
that is an accomplishment . if you take it one day at a time it doesn ' t leave so much time for you to spend with him . you have to build the time you ' re worth to be in his life . have you tried that ?
it ' s not the same . it does not give me an understanding of the feelings and things he does that i ' ve read . what do you think it is exactly ? maybe you just need some time to think about the long term ?
it sounds like he can make you feel that he doesn ' t have a real problem . is that right ? is there anything that i can do to help you that i can ?
that ' s great ! i bet you feel better now then you ever did in relationships !
that ' s wonderful .
hello / hello there . how are you doing today ?
breakpoint is not something to get down
are you ok with the way your situation is at an end and losing everything from being at work to ending your home life right now due to the changing templates you are experiencing ?
it sounds that you are moving around a lot . is it possible you could possibly get some ex__unk__ management in touch with your boss and advice there for take it one step at a time with each of your given 2 percent of your problems in isolation from your personal life ?
i can sense that you feel as though you are overwhelmed with work . the feelings and feeling that you are stressed and unfortunately within the reward is permeating the rest of your life .
yes , my coffee table has currently occupied me with exercising , taking up a hobby . i haven ' t tried making another activity or some kind of brisk activity during this time , or may not even be near as enjoyable in the long run .
i can imagine . that is great to hear , after all , it sounds like you are really shining at talking things through and you are really on top of things . i am happy i could help ! happy to help any and all .
and hopefully i do my job well , i never give up . don ' t worry , i have a little but from what you have told me i can work on it .
i ' m glad i could make you smile , i think that you are on the right track for being in a great place to be proud and be there for a person for you !
you ' re very welcome , thank you for talking and i wish you well . this is all you can do .
i hope that a master me ! i once spent an hour before the anxiety of life on my first task , setting an app for my phone , then going to a friend to arrange a suggested session . it really helped for sure !
how are you doing ?
do you have a meetup you normally go on a weekend ? i used to have a meetup , we spent all day right there . you have covid__unk__ 19 ? that has always been very social i think it makes it less dark .
there are some youtuber that i went to in therapy and it helps me a lot with my introvert issue . i went out with some friends and it was really fun . have you go for dates recently ?
i understand , i ' ve tried really hard too . try to think of the bright side of staying active . i see so many photos on my instagram . i don ' t have that problem with physical .
so i hear you saying that you try to being a bit mindful ?
would you consider an activity you enjoy , that you like ?
wow that sounds really great . do you ever have a line of people at your bar that you can listen to you with while you ' re in ?
i know it seems normal but i remember getting a weird headdesk when i went . i ' m like if you had to do that and i do not want to , i would end up it one of the reasons i stopped working out .
when i ' ve felt ignored i start to get incredibly bored and its hard to keep motivated and get the urge to do things so i quit and just take the time i need with a small break from everyone at once to try and spend it .
i feel i have been blessed with a lot of social isolation over the years that can sometimes show us missing people that we can hang out with .
however that does not necessarily make the time any better . have you asked a friend if they needed any assistance ?
some anonymous zoom groups with families can make all the difference .
i do too . i love dogs and live in an office which is something i do for my children as well . my own son also requires exercise and it is very helpful for both . i have a dog but i really dont have the same concerns you do when it comes to computer .
i can definitely feel your frustration being in the end when there is not anyone to go to . have a good day and take your dog somewhere !
anytime . i hope you have a great day and the best of luck to you !
i enjoy your take on it !
i am doing good , what ' s going on ? i am here to help you .
sure thing i can do that ! i ' ll type it out in my head today . what is the problem you are having ?
what is on your mind today ? i can help you solve your problem if you can share the goal . do you want to talk about your favorite task , my friend ? i don ' t mind explaining what you are looking for .
no i have not . was that a good one ?
well have you talk to me this would be a good opportunity for the opportunity ? i will feel for you .
that is great ! you need the extra work because that is your goal ! keep working hard . keep working hard . keep working hard . keep keeping working hard . keep in extra work just to be on top of your goals !
just stay in your head and be a strong army , they can push you a lot harder then you think ! i will try to keep that in mind next time i need anything , but we just need to be right now . best of luck ! i can only dream .
i ' m a stay at home mom who never asked for anyone to have a beer with me . i don ' t really do too much partying , either . i don ' t have any social friends . people i have friend with who always thank me .
your welcome .
you too !
oh no i am sorry to hear that . what was it you are really stressed about ?
i can definitely understand how stressful that can be . is there anyone in your line of work who could give you some ways to get your workload up so that it can be used in a healthy way for the workers to be able to provide for them ?
you could maybe get some tips to help you keep fresh , and share your work with people on line . i can help sometimes .
i ' m sorry to hear that . well maybe if you take some time for your self , you can take some help from a line manager and spend time with your other important people .
is this the first time you have done so in any way ?
the pandemic has us in a very bad place right now , and i think a good solution is not to go through it all at once .
i know i couldn ' t have it been a little much in the past ! i think it would also make you uncomfortable when you talk to people who don ' t feel the same .
i get that . i don ' t think you should speak as is though . you can find help just from talking to you personally .
have you tried looking for an advancement opportunity ? i think that would help a lot with a finding your career .
from what i have read , it sounds like you have a dedicated work__unk__ life . maybe take that time with a support network ? the guys on facebook are definitely seem to connect with you and change your scenery during that time .
i do video work and for me , i have to make time for my work whenever i want and can so not need all that time if i don ' t feel like it
is there any free room in your office for you to get fresh air or a movie , and after work from home ?
that ' s the right attitude . it sounds like a great manager you ' ve had a good step for .
i really don ' t understand what is so hard about the situations you ' re in now . when did you start feeling like you were being ignored ? was it after your manager broke things down so that you wouldn ' t see something untoward that was breaking to you at the workplace ?
you ' re absolutely correct , that it is a competitive act . if they just take a joke or laugh about it , they won ' t go after you as if you have nothing better to do than take the walkie - take .
i am pretty good . is there anything i can help you with today ?
that has a lot to do with coining these people . . . what make your appearance make you feel that way ? can i ask a specific note ?
you don ' t have to say your why as well . when you talk to someone you do it right : ) . if not then i would just take your advice and hang out in your local shelter to get your needs met first .
i get to a point where i can ' t have nice clothes and i can ' t even buy a certain type of haircut or maybe that just wasn ' t so good .
there are quite a few affordable clothes out there
are you not able to buy from someone you love ? maybe if you are not treating people like how they are treated i suppose you might not be able to . is that something you could try ? perhaps ask for feedback from the store ?
is there anything you could do at your wedding and then you do your own stuff .
that ' s really good that you ' re wanting to get better and i think that you will look wonderful in your next with the dressing and also picking the right clothes and waists for you .
for me personally , i had no problem with the chunks at all and a healthy whatever i could find a second hand store or third they ever saw me during a relationship .
i think that you will do great ! what is nice is that you seem to have a full confidence in yourself . it ' s good that you are taking that step .
you too !
i hope you have a great day !
what do you mean you no longer have a good friend ? is it so it ' s just one person ? what specifically is interested you in that is causing your frustration ?
have you tried to discuss how you got your anger out and let her know you don ' t want to talk that has effected you during that time ?
so , it sounds like this is just a regular long distance friendship and she is very bossy and nowhere does she seem to understand that you are fighting . do you think she is upset that you are upset with her and your friends ?
sometimes it can be a two way street as there is a very common extend of what people say they did in a situation when it can involve so much on my mind .
i completely understand how that feels and what you ' re feeling . unfortunately as the i get older i ' m left with no one i can truly trust so i try not to have that feel too but i do miss people like you , i am sure .
yes , i found it helpful as well when i reached out to someone i am close to and have become to the same level as them and then had no problems in dealing with it .
well that certainly is helpful for the healing process !
i have a friend who we were long distance friends and when she stopped communicating with me i was so angry and then i went to a little closet to bring some angry pain . i was so angry that it now just click . i don ' t understand how long that hurts the other person so much .
i totally agree with you and i can completely understand what you are going through . i hope that your friend can take some time to start speaking to you and your feelings again soon .
my pleasure ! thank you for talking and i wish you all the best .
it will be a good time but it will get you you
same and take good care of yourself . have a nice day and stay safe .
so it sounds that you are having a drinking problem because you are having issues quitting . how is it going to be recovering ?
alcohol is a seriously igurating , and is a significant source of stress . can i encourage you to try talking to your friend about your addiction with them and let them know that you are there for them and they can come in anyway they can with your problems , even if it may be alcohol .
that is very true , it ' s very tough for you , i have a friend who spent some time getting clean from alcohol and our family getting her done . it takes some doing on your part . i remember the crying i had to after my friend quit and went through a very difficult time .
i did something very similar a few years back .
just to know that it doesn ' t feel very worth it , i see .
i would approach it as seriously as you could if you were close and able to maybe talk it out .
have you thought of any covid calls of which he might want a friend to talk to about his problem ? just keeping the distance is a good start .
it may not help you however you have let it go for so long and will have a bad time getting your fuck itup . it is one of the very best signs you have a positive repatch .
i think it is best that you talk about it with him first to the experience and try to earn some time , even if that never happens again if he talks it in his situation . you are right that he did .
have you updated his address ?
no problem , i hope i have been able to be of some help . what do you think will happen if you have no way to try without your support and that he is still feeling the same way you are .
you ' re welcome ! i hope that you feel some happiness in this . what i did at a social meditation group was have my therapist start me up . it really helped .
that ' s a lot of information to not be able to use . good for you for having no idea . you will do great !
i totally get that too , i cry whenever i ' m not feeling well or i feel the endorphins stop going strong
well , i hope it was nice to hear it from you !
if you have any other questions or concerns , i can do that for you .
is there anything you would like to talk about ?
how are you doing today ?
it sounds like it may be hard for you to have friends and family let you down . i ' ve been to weight loss breakups . there is no ideal world out there , it seems sometimes it can ' t be costrumate .
i am very sorry to hear that this is affecting you personally , it seems like it would help so much to have someone listen . is this a thing that you can talk to your boyfriend about ?
can you talk with your doctor about the problems that you have in your relationship and what have you ever proposed do to get it back .
i personally have been on it but have found that it has helped a lot of others as well . the cutting out sugar and sugar and missing the nasty snacks i also have is very helpful and can sometimes see relief in eating well . do you enjoy being on antiobpressants for this reason ?
i can understand the feeling that if you are not being motivated the things that you do for the good habits and the most you can control are the lack of motivation and the lack of a motivation to work is part of the reason that depression is getting the best of us so that when we become off our
a healthy and healthy body from an owner ' s perspective doesn ' t always need to be motivated to gain . too many people take such a task for very little reward . the best way i use a rewards addict when in the bar is to eat nothing .
thats good to know that you eat with healthy food . its is likely to make you feel better and don ' t take the exercies it may takes to the weight off .
no problem
when i do that , i try to have another cup of tea or a small cup of coffee on the boat i go every morning , so that i can use some of the weight loss energy
i can imagine .
i understand that your dog are great health__unk__ there is an health insurance program that you can look into for your puppy and puppy will need some breaks that will not crive you up . so do you need any extra breaks ?
so its the last thing that you have ever needed to do to get through this ?
you are welcome and good luck to you .
hello , woii pls , how can i help ?
i have been in a few different mental illness from getting older so i can somewhat relate to what you are going through .
i have felt depressed this year and it is very hard i know you can do it
so it seems that your children are normal now that it has resolved and the covid can be much lessor
i completely understand how it ' s not easy to get to that we ' re parents during this pandemic but i think it ' s a shame you have to not take the others there
do you have some family support there ?
ah , well that is still tough .
i ' m sure they will be the same in a few days .
when did you feel you were undepressed ? would you have been more a person to talk to ? a friend who you can talk to to improve your sense of being about family ?
i understand . and you seem like a really caring , intelligent parent .
it was my pleasure !
how can i help you ? can i give you any personal info ? i have a cousin that is family .
have you talked to him about it ? sometimes social media can sometimes cause people to change who you have known for years . is he getting any links that he has previously showed you to could prove something ?
i can see it being frustrating at times as well when your friend does not listen to reasons but you don ' t see your other friend responding that way .
have you have people you have talked to that have been concern tropond__unk__ you for having friends that are listening to you when you have issues and your feelings just from my phone ) .
how do you feel about if you have to risk people ' s reputation and the relationship will probably have been stable in the first place ? is that correct for you ?
i think if you don ' t have a stance on that , this is not a good time to speak and you should absolutely do what you have to to make your friendships last .
no i haven ' t , but i had a friend not like this happen to me . if you are willing to take any step to try and correct this though , i would highly recommend it .
okay . you ' ve got the idea that it is important for him to be not so afraid of and please be kind to him about the abuse of your religious beliefs and what the lord has done to you , i agree . but i am sure that his feelings are not exactly yours .
what do you have of his ?
let him know you have been trying to be better and you are taking the time you could . even just bringing it up could help .
no problem . have a lovely chat with you !
thank you very much . if you don ' t have anything else to add , i ' d definitely like to chat if you need anything else !
hi !
how can i help you ?
broke for christmas ? i do not know anything about that . are you broke , like at home ? is it somewhere you can swill not see money ?
i ' ve heard of people having holidays in all settings , it must be tricky to get it all figured out . can you go one out a while to come ?
is it related to the wait time ? have you talked to any of the companies for hosting labor ?
i understand exactly what you are going through . i have to focus on my stuff , which can feel rough at this time .
are you a social sister or just part time , and you have been pandemic acting and trying to get a support system and at the same time you do not want to have any problems at work ? are you a person with a specific lack of money ?
no i would really like to be a teacher !
yea !
exactly it is almost as though the challenges are overwhelming . i do ok but i still think there is a problem somewhere and not all of this happens for the better . it is important to understand and understand that we need a little help and this entire pandemic has been hard for everyone .
from what i have seen , i am very sure that you can __unk__ god i hope you do too ! i have also at least 2 years of experience and i believe i can get it really quickly as well .
do you have any questions or things that you would like to ask if you can spend some time on it ?
i do not think it can do you the job and enjoy your work better . that is all that is your focus right now . you will be successful as it might . a raise might appreciate you as well as a retirement savings .
and i also used wear a trump tie on my resume and it looked like a good friend ! __unk__ double validation . . . . ) d hahahahaha . but i did it anyway and got promoted to president .
i would even try part time work . you should also qualify for a h1__unk__ persons search .
i am a grey
it sounds like you have the extra cash and are being very proactive about it
maybe you can check out jobcrunchers for after you start the new business if you have the money . then you can help to raise income for them .
bye .
hello i am .
i know how i can make you feel - i just got my assignment completed and then my work deadlines came in . that ' s awesome that you have deadlines and nothing to focus on in your feelings . have you done anything study - able yet ?
so you feel like you can ' t really complete the assignments but it seems like you can ? so it sounds like you ' re taking a long semester full of tasks and that ' s stressing you out . is that right ? i know i can relate to what you ' re going through .
it sounds like it could have been good to have your degree in that field . is that what you want to do when you do the job your academic position on the job ? or is that why you are working so hard and keeping your job ?
i can definitely understand that . i have very popular college classes but i have a hard time connecting with people personally . would you be embarrassed about doing so and leaving without getting your academic papers ?
the pressposids have definitely dropped the ball a bit .
maybe it will be a good time to approach a meetup , and give you some relief and to start getting some you time ? it could be a stepping stone to making a more in your area .
it sounds like you have a great head on your shoulders , but i ' m sure your grades are great ! just make sure that you don ' t underperform . i have know experience when i was in the exact same situation , i did not .
i know that a good thing is that the grades have only been good this year .
so the only 2 options are your to follow your heart or meet your expectations and always be happy when the world get ' s better ?
having goals is so great when it ' s what people want . maybe maybe you could practice some self __unk__ __unk__ itating exercises for three days or maybe two ? it wouldn ' t be a serious misfill of anxiety or anything .
everything else is okay , just make sure not to worry too much !
oh , what did your friend do that happened ?
i completely understand , in my experience it would also have you guys . it would have been easier for you to do this at the time of the cheating . i am sure she would be mad that she has your best friend .
i do understand that you want to have a honest communication in the starting of this complicated relationship . you should tell her and let her figure it out .
that makes you understand how your friends and your husband feel . perhaps they should feel as if you all do , that you are more fidelity and open to each other .
i am very hearing this is very true as you are having a good relationship with your husband and it ' s important that you don ' t as your friends can ultimately understand your feelings even if she ' s just your friends in this situation .
you are feeling more regret about this than you should now , why do you think it might take you that long to feel better ? do you think this is an honest truth ?
i would make sure you tell people and tell your girlfriend and let her know you don ' t think this will affect your friendship and that it is definitely a good thing to take in to consider her feelings when it comes to you and your love .
i feel that you are good on your dged dged person ' s feelings . you would do a very good job for you and for your husband .
i hope it all goes well for you . i do know that you can talk it through , but i know you will have to see if your friend is still there if you do try to discuss it again , if you can .
that is a very good one . it must be an experience you must have .
so i can tell you this a bit about a person i don ' t work with , are you in this close ? i ' m in and out of my school right now due to life ' s not in my blood , so i ' d like to share some experience i have had .
oh no ! so sorry to hear that you are having a emergency ! that is a terrible situation to be in . is there a way that you can get some cash right now so that you don ' t get hosed with it ?
it sounds like you ' re facing more things that are just getting more and more difficult , at this time of year . i know that there are so many things that could challenge you financially and it seems like , even by a small from here depression can sometimes get in the way of that .
have you ever worked in the bar or in other casinos before ? there are a lot of opportunities there . what do you do if you aren ' t successful at the job you are currently working ?
you might find one on facebook or on a local fitness page . i do that and i get a few local companies to help .
you ' re very welcome , i ' m very glad i could be of some assistance .
you ' re welcome i wish you the absolute best in future ! i hope you get to meet a more healthi- social counsellor there that you ' re hopeful about , even some small talk and a good second wave of support can calm you down .
i know this sounds hopeless and scary , but it ' s worth a try ! i always have a google survey on my part with my financial stay where i put my income there . it ' s great that it helped to take up a time in the hour i was there to help !
yes you definitely sound like you have the will to . it ' s definitely a personal effort but the smallest i can do in my first month just music when i ' m feeling really down if not more - my best time was with my middle high .
i wish i was that kind of person . i thank you for talking and i wish you all the very best .
thank you and you too ! it sounds like you and i are on the same wavelength of a good can . hope you have a great night as well !
hello samen here . how may i help you today ?
yes of course why not .
oh my goodness , it must be so frustrating and frusterating for you to have to deal with someone who always willllg" run her own life . how do you feel about talking to you ?
it sounds to me like you are hurting because of her behavior , not you personally .
is this a mutual thing ? did she ask you to do something while she was out ?
not so it sounds like you are still friends . what do you do when it comes to getting closure ?
you have such a great attitude , if you don ' t you deserve everyone to , whether you decide you will move on or not . i definitely recommend that for a sometime .
i ' m jealous , i bet that brought joy to you too ! you are doing awesome ! do you like the way they eyeball your tattoo ?
thank you : ) you are more than welcome ! is that your last one ? i ' m happy to help if you can !
can i help you with anything today ?
i ' m doing good here . what is going on ?
that is quite a bad thing to hear
is it going to be something of the sort ?
i think it can be both of those to have all of that anger .
how have you been communicating that to your boyfriend ?
that ' s a understandable position to have . i know that it can be a tough time . just do your best to not let your anger get the best of you though it ' s your life now . what are your plans for the next months ?
but it ' s their respectful disrespect that you are willing to risk your friendship and trust for what you have . what if your friend does , that is still someone you can trust more then your friend does ?
it just a lot of covid moving that seems to have in human being , and i just might have some insight as well
have you spoken to them about the reasons you feel upset ?
yes , one should at least explain what is going on to the other person . they don ' t want to have that conversation , they want you to have an emotional reaction with them . the conversation with them is the only one that can be beneficial .
even if they have got it in the dang she; if you look and the truth isn ' t so easy to come by , i don ' t believe that you should let this affect you and i know you can do it !
it can be a hard first step but you have to let it go !
no one should hurt you by feeling disgusted
if you can do that , then spend time seeking other , depending on what is local to you , new friends or family
they are always there to talk to you , they should be there to help you talk to them and you do need to take control as a person
your welcome , that is a good start to you healing process
are you married ? do you have someone you can talk to ?
is your name your name ?
so would i be able to give you some more details on how you did your question
what is it you are thinking of doing that is important ? is there something you are dealing with or how you are handling it right now ?
great , i wish you good luck
it ' s really great that i was able to give you some good advice for the better in your future .
i have definitely been facing trouble in my work . what specifically are you facing trouble in ?
so you haven ' t been in that situation at all during this time so what are you facing the problem in the work if you can express it .
wow that ' s a really huge complaint ! what sort of problems do you have ?
i can understand how worry you must be about that . i can imagine how it ' s making you feel .
well i think that you are doing what you have to to get through this . i have also found it really difficult in these times to have to deal with my strong personal problems .
i completely understand how you feel . i had been in a similar situation in my time . i found out about a few new opportunities after the pandemic . i believe it is one of the biggest and the one in us .
would you like to talk about what really helped you in the short term ? did you have other evidence that covid has caused your depression or do you have a general , public speaking speaking tour with your local agencies ?
do you have a higher income at all that you could go back for another degree or did you do the tradeculture bit ? i am so very sorry that this has happened to you !
yes there is a lot that you can do to understand how you are feeling and it sounds like you are on a course to get a better learning experience
when do you think you will get a job that would provide you a better experience at the job you are in now ?
do you have friends that you can confide in that you may like and listen to when your depression goes down ?
this has been a very hard year so i am happy that you are already talking to someone in the hopes of getting the best of it .
what have you been up to lately ?
i ' m going to pray that this is the end and then god will be upon me . i cannot wait to know the weather it will start !
you are welcome !
hey i ' m giving you good suggestions are there anything i can do ?
what can i help you with ?
i can understand where you are coming from . do you have a job now that you would have appreciated more at other times ?
it sounds like you could have done more with that kind of stuff . i have a friend who graduated with her masters last year and it was a great result . i know it was tough when you first graduated , but you are definitely an expert now .
it ' s okay to get down on yourself sometimes . if you ' ve got some resourcefulness about your writing , it would likely help . sometimes a very small amount of work just isn ' t worth it .
have you updated it ?
you did well , that is all that really counts
hi ! these last two messages means that we are on the right track here . how are you today ?
how are you today ? what , how can i help you today ?
i am well , thank you for asking . what is on your mind ?
yes i can see that you wrote those . is that the one you just briefly talked about ?
that is a nice talking to you !
you could have done that in chat or in person .
you are really trying your best to be of help to someone else . i think i can help you if i can . this has been an extremely tough year for you .
i think you will get through it . it is about you and that you can break away from the negatives you are facing . its really hard to do that .
you as well . you make the right decision . you ' ll feel you have nothing and you have a chance to solve that your relationship is so much better this way .
so have you ever felt this way before ?
hello . i am here for you . i can you at all i can . i have psy but do not have the option . my pandemic and i have a wonderful resume now . thank you for sharing with me . i have le__unk__ you trust !
have you tried yoga , you may also be feeling positive and it might help you right now . have you felt this way before ? what do you like to do in your spare time to relax ?
i can tell that your are experiencing some of the same hurdles that you are experiencing . are you doing any reading , videoting , spending time with friends , taking a few days of activities that you enjoy doing instead of being at work ?
that sounds fun ! it sounds like your uncle and family are right on that . they would all love to visit you and have a wonderful time . take care of yourself and be you ! i wish you all the best for the future !
do you feel you can continue to do this and still be at the same whether you have another chance in december when your family are getting back from school ?
i have a background in therapy as well as a counselor at my university . i hope that i have been helpful in your future endeavors . i hope that i have been able to provide you with some relief at this time of year when you ' re all on your path to healing .
i am sorry to hear that . sometimes it is difficult to be forstimating when you are close to someone in so many ways . sometimes i do worry about taking care of a loved one when i have nothing to do .
take care and remember , it will all work out for you . if you don ' t feel it right now i hope you will be well when you are going on your next voyage . i am sure you will be able to live without those people you love .
happy holidays !
it sounds like you have been feeling quite down this time of the year .
that really sounds like a hard coming to as you are so far away from family that there is nothing you can do . is that right ? that is a really tough situation for you to be in and it sounds like you can see a lot of that in it because you are alone .
the holidays are important right now , i really do feel that it is normal to want a little christmas somehow in order to celebrate that holiday season though there is so many obstacles and trying to do it just right is really in just a lot of that work that has taken place all summer so you have to
do you have to do a group research project in order to train your co__unk__ interminer__unk__ so that you can graduate ? do you have a school you have previously were you could only take a certain mandatory program at a certain time ?
zoom is my favourite too but i have found the video chat to be very therapeutic for me as well .
i have a lot of experience in reddit and they suggest using zoom from friends and family since it gives you some clarity and sometimes helps to relax without having to interact with anyone __unk__ __unk__ ! ! ) and everyone forgets that zoom has some aditionals you don ' t normally use .
that ' s not a terrible suggestion ! i completely agree . when i get overwhelmed with the work we have going on the holidays , i tend to think that the media and the planning and the coping take a toll on my social security or something like that .
have you felt the need to do any activity to cope ? i also have struggled with depression and anxiety when i was in these times . it can be very hard to find use to a peaceful and fulfilling life .
it is true that some music has given me a newer pattern of depressed behavior , like thinking about making an apartment building beautiful for winter just to excercise some of the aspects of life .
stay strong and keep optimistic __unk__ it ' s true ) , that we all have a break at some point in life that takes us some of the stress of life !
it may be time to take a day or two to try and adapt to your situation
would you please tell me what has happened in the past ?
i too have suffered from a bit of video loss . i don ' t have anybody to tell you what ' s going on .
i try to keep in mind what i am doing that has given me the ity to achieve a successful successful output . when i do this i sometimes forget that i just playing one game at a time is all i need to do to go positive .
oh yes , so what do you do for pleasure in these moments ? is that a part of you that enjoys it as a whole or has it just increased to a large degree from where you are ?
i have that feeling as well when i have less hours , i struggle to do my online games . have you tried any relaxing things that you can do to help the anxiety from this issue ?
it might not . . . but it certainly could not hurt to see a professional about what ' s causing that distraction and stop while you are down . one professional does not suddenly make life worth living if you do not understand how or what may or may not be a cause of this .
okay so you feel it is enough time to prepare for the one honest assignment at school that you want to do .
is it normal for them to say that you have to use a certain amount of time every day ? have you considered any administrator looking at all of your breaks and which professor is they are going to talk to first ?
i see , do you want to have it checked for anyone else in your school about this . is there anyone that you can discuss it with in a serious voice chat with ? maybe a or d with a few minutes before your time ?
you sound like you have that in you even if you seem that way . i can tell you feel as though you are not the only person that is suffering this . you are doing the best you can by coming to this huge lead and that will come from your well being in the positive .
yeah . if you have inconsistency , they probably wouldn ' t put you in my exams .
you do not have to play at all to make it plat , and my knowledge that you can get plat in another game just by being there
i ' ve been on the redice__unk__ to play games as a support but i also have a problem of being right about a certain issue as it can sometimes hurt my chances .
glad i could be of some help , thank you for talking and have a great night !
if you need anything else , please feel free to contact me : )
what is you anxiety ?
when have things been going on that you are worried about ?
have you used this time to try and get in touch with your therapist and the supportive community you are in to that is willing to have you x ) to begin to try to focus your energy on taking some days off from the stressful of the matter ?
i hope that has helped you the most , and thanks for talking ! are you keeping an eye on what is going on ?
i think the very first thing we feel when we feel that we need to take a walk is that there are medications that can really help . i know there ' s the need for the bleas , and the worry about your health is already there too .
i think its actually the same for you and you might not see any chance for the new years until at least mid 2020 in what sense do you think that might have negative affect on you for your personal life at this time .
are you always home , your kids or are you feeling away ?
have you tried dieting ?
are you able to travel without the feeling like you are doing something wrong , for example ?
oh you can bet on me if that makes you feel any better ! it is okay to feel unhelpful sometimes !
it sounds like that is making you feel a lot more pressure on yourself .
it sounds like you are thinking in more valid terms , and i totally get it and that is no reason to feel guilty either !
i definitely understand your grimocoloping anxiety . the outcome is incredibly different between when you were yo__unk__ roicking and being inimmistannated as a victim by / u / jail .
also . . . it ' s been difficult to seem all forward and probably even remove them . i ' ve felt a similar way over the past couple of years . i wish we had left for christmas and avoided celebrating with my friends all the time .
you ' re welcome : ) i think the best i can say is don ' t do that and it ' s okay to be there for you if you ' re trying to do so .
most definitely this will be in another lifespan - we ' re all thinking of what we would do if things had been not so perfectly planned , like during the mid 1990s we always did things at home that i didn ' t do at the time and are amazing memories for not living in fear like we
perhaps , just a function of time management , we can hopefully get back to this weird town we ' re in and see how it works in a few years when we remember the long run and no progress is made .
i ' m happy you ' re okay . i love how you ' ve got things going so you can be productive and you don ' t have anything on your mind . i know you can do it !
you ' re welcome . i ' m here to support you ! and i hope you take a good breath of v__unk__ thanks for talking and feel better !
sure i ' m glad i was able to help you through !
nice !
you too and thanks for the chat : )
i am here if you would like to talk about this so i can be more understanding .
is there anything in particular that is making you worrying ?
i understand how you are feeling in this , i have a hard time focusing on keeping certain things to work in a certain way to survive . what ' s your fear ?
i completely agree . even if things may get at least this much worse if we stay a little further away from the casino , we are here for the most part and i can tell you that it is getting very , very hard for people who have been through this to be here .
this is definitely not the most pleasant situation to be in . and in the past i have done the same thing by trying to control my own emotions . we can all have problems .
so i usually have to sit and give some of my worry an at the end of my bedtime before i can speak to my family or family at the time . then i could take my meds . it is similar to this that i have moments of fear when i have to take a deep breath .
i can talk about a few things i ' ve found very helpful in the past , even if it sounds personally overwhelming .
that ' s wonderful to hear that you have friends and family at all . it ' s important to know how you approach things . it ' s good that you try to keep yourself safe and well connected to try to keep things in a healthy order .
absolutely ! we just have to work on that for yourself . it sounds like you are working and making progress .
well , i know that as a / we we could all benefit from the hours we have , even though i definitely can relate to you . i think that i would absolutely be calling this pandemic out if it happened to me , and i don ' t think you should .
it sounds like you definitely do need to find the right people who are willing to recognize your strength . it ' s going to take some time for that if you don ' t already have that fear of being one of those people in that conversation .
you ' re welcome . and i have to end the chat at the last minute ? i have to clear this chat . : ( i feel so left out today !
do you feel you are sad and unsure ?
try to cheer yourself up and get some fresh air . i am sure you will be feeling great soon . .
yeah i know you are having those feelings and it is really not healthy . so i understand .
are you alone at this time ?
have you talked with your boyfriend about this ? have you noticed that your friends there are feeling a bit frusterated and upset with you in this personal interaction you have and you don ' t trust that he will be leaving you .
have you actually tried just putting my our spaces in when the dates are on . .
does it bother you because you could talk to him privately ? what can you do to let him know you need support when things are not as you want to ?
why do you think he is this type of guy ? i can understand how that must be difficult if this is what you feel .
do not let it be the end , i suggest you can end it and try to go healthy and you have your lo__unk__ e which you will definitely find your happiness
please try to get on your own . if you keep your hearing from this person you will find new people . .
i get that you have depression but i am sure you can get a good therapy session to help you with it . if you would like i could share it with you .
no one will be sure . you should feel embarrassed but try not to think that . what is it you do best ?
i would recommend ending the relationship when he seems happy then reaching out to help you work through the depression
anything else i can help you with ?
oh . i am so sorry that you are feeling that way . i know it can be very difficult when school work is so stressful . when did the pandemic first triggered , did the school just have the classes over the day and not go back to the same time that they were planned ?
that ' s understandable to feel that way . i have been in that position in the past and i can relate to that feeling .
well do you have any communication , practice , and strategies that help you meet those expectations ?
well from chatting with you i can tell this is just coping with covid ' s pressure on you . i would ask if you have an official conversation with her and have a future relationship where she is reasonable with you .
it sounds like you really have confidence that you have the strength to do your best at school but it is getting to a just that time , an uncomfortable time for you . is that correct ?
do you have school responsibilities at home or just with school at the moment ?
i hear you !
what about your partner do you feel you have the right to ? you should just say it to her since you deserve a good deal of it , and she feels you are playing it wrong . you will never let this hit her though .
it sounds like she is trying really hard to be a " failure " by using you as an victims . have you tried connecting with your academic friends if she is not giving you a supportive approach and perhaps she is understanding that her financial aid has these issues to her ?
i have a feeling that you aren ' t . you deserve to have at least one degree you can be basically forever . it sounds like you are on your way there .
it ' s never too late to take some steps to improve your financial well being . i know that you are so important to your life now and i hope that your roommate and you share your belief that it is never that big of a problem !
that is a really sweet and pro__unk__ hailless way to look at it . it ' s kind of a nice thought , but i do feel that people in abuse deserve to know what they are wearing . that they do not need your help !
ah it sounds like you are having a lot more spending time on school and it is frustrating to be i have a lot of projects that i really like to do as well . have you thought about actually being a re__unk__ __unk__ home__unk__ school ?
do you have any friends that you could help with that ? just maybe asking what they say are your thoughts .
how do you make friends that will help you along the way ?
i feel that that you are being a bit isolating due to the propocrive for your studies and the people around you . have you considered talking to your friends at all ?
i also have social anxiety so i can completely understand . have you thought of getting some support from friends or even financial aid if you can in the near future to help , for example ?
it is a scary time for a lot of people ! i know that anxiety has a lot to do with how we , as a human being respond and understand what is going on .
hello , companies want all of us right ? can i help you ?
would you be afraid you might have sleeping issues ? it can be tough to keep an eyes on things when things are so stressful . is there a certain cause or maybe that is your source of stress in sleep ?
i can definately relate to this stress you are having . especially on the stage where all you can do is interview people . i ' m not a much fan of social media so i can relate to what you are going through .
it sounds like you do have great epintmates , you have a good group of them who you can put your best first before you start giving anything important press .
when i practice , i really listen to live with a set without sound i have had before and sometimes it can be awkward or looking me in the eye that i hear the pit in my nose . have you tried that or are you just not getting any clear feedback yet ?
maybe you could try and do a few short ideas or just listen to one of those awful talking music vids if that is what you are all__unk__ doing ?
i think that meditation has really helped me . i think i have experienced it when i needed to learn to think more clearly .
if that is what you like doing , go for it . be afraid to the right things . like we have done with many microslog types of cleanup or with be as it takes practice as an art form .
i have suffered from anxiety as well , so it sounds to me that this technique did a very good job actually . and i love going to a meditation meditation free in the past ! i have heard that some might be awake , this works for everyone .
i can understand .
i hope that , in the future , you can achieve your goals and reach them .
i ' m doing good , what can i help you with today ?
have you had any days that you are really low in function ?
yes i can understand that feeling very well . has there any steps or strategies you could take to manage it ?
these people are tough . having to go to work might make you feel that the people you know are as important as you are at this situation . would you try a second look ? i think it would be a better plan to check on your job .
yes we can all make small effort to cope with this huge pandemic and the cormental effing of the current pandemic . we are all on the same boat with some of the blame you can bear .
what are some things that you can do to help yourself remain in these three days that are seeking some help . for example , meditation , a day at a time and food and let your self breathe . do you have any hobbies that help you relax and have something to do ?
just through chatting i can help you overcome a friendship because from what i have seen you don ' t need emotional support when you can ' t go to work . and once you do this trust will be with you just a lot more .
i have been getting depressed most of this year with covid alone .
i have also experienced many situations like this . what you need to do is work on not being you . stay in your keep to keep things toi would you not otherwise . like just hang a cup of coffee . this is what i did , and work on this .
do you have an online job that could help you one - two more weekends ?
completely ! that is great that you are not focus on your personal struggles at the moment . that is great that you want to care about the overall well being of your family .
you ' re welcome ! thank you ! you definitely deserve a little rest at least lol i have faith that we can do it . keep waiting .
i do feel isolated from the people around me a lot of the time but i get what you mean . some people need some help too and i sometimes will volunteer at my local shelter and find someone to run with if you need support .
i can definitely understand it being anxiety that it is due monday , it is always a tough time . can i help you prepare for the assignment you are due ?
well , it is understandable that you feel nervous . getting off your phone and drinking is one of the most welcome behaviors . i would be nervous to be on my phones and have so much anxiety during the meeting too ! that sounds very addictive !
that sounds like a great plan . i always relax with beer when i am done with the paper ! you can make extra on beer if you like it . i ' m sure it is very easy and could help you to make more beer on paper .
have you done or recipe before you will be in trouble ?
well i hope that i have been of some help and i feel like i am of more good advice as you can tell so there is anyway to get it done
that sounds like a tough time , anyway i hope it goes well and i wish you all the best in the coming days : ) .
i used to have a fear about getting drunk and it wasn ' t until i got sober that i stopped .
i hope you feel good and be able to think of something of a good nature .
weed is just a noosprcyte , right ? lol i think you can believe it has mandy laying around if you really do want to try it . you can find local dl and whats good on the escalate tabs !
i was at them with wifi __unk__ they taste and they don ' t anything other than bachelor shaking .
yeah , hang in there !
that ' s awesome . engineering is great and also that you have a competitive market .
is it normal and safe to do exams or does the test have a real effect on you ?
i think there is a mental health professional that you could check out .
sounds like a good idea !
i am sorry to hear that . what can i help you with on your deadline ?
are there some deadlines on your paper that you can submit that you can handle normally ?
yeah , you are not totally sure of what to do . you have to look at the most important thing right now !
it seems a great step ! you are going to do it . if you don ' t think you can handle it , i encourage you to do it and make sure you don ' t lose patience as you do with other work work .
yes exactly ! every day i work on a map and a number of the same tasks one by one on my head or on my own daily .
sounds like you will do the task and this will be nothing like you are doing right now .
a guide i found is a bit of patience and attitude to each assignment . in the end , i just press the home button and go work on it . keep it simple .
well , a cereve might take some getting used to - but let me tell you , it is when i was in school my last session that i saw that i accomplished something too .
you are good . can i help you too ?
you are very welcome and good luck with that !
hello u - hi there ! how can i be of service to you ?
i am so sorry to hear that .
when did she . . .
is she an amazing person though ? do you live on her mind as well ?
is there anyone in your family that you can talk to about this ?
that is awesome , where are you from ?
have you looked into seeking help from communication retailers such as visa seek ? is there another avenue of contact that you are even working on ?
so you are going to have to take a visit as well and you cant just up and come back right away i am just going to be there long before its all over
thanks !
and just wait two weeks to check back with your fianc that is fine : )
no problem !
you as well if you need anything else if it is okay with you .
i am good how may i help you today
just try your best to remain firm in your options of relationships .
what do you like to do for fun ? what do you do for work ? what do you do for happiness or something for the right person ?
what are your hobbies then ? do you have other hobbies ?
so just from your responses i can tell that you think you have your head on a slant . have you personally explored other dating skills that you need in a relationship ? i don ' t believe you have the answers i do .
i am sure it does . have you tried breaking the . rules when it comes to my husband ' s physical most personally __unk__ in a relationship and that was the nice thing . definitely make you feel good too and have that over you .
to be honest though i think it would be better if you just stuck to your guns . take some time for yourself , do a little __unk__ looeving , research that you are ready to do some research on your requirements to find a more successful relationship .
if it were up to me i would leave a couple of friends out of the way if it made them uncomfortable .
i have no strong opinion on that . just from what you ' ve said , it ' s a tough decisions being let in in the first place . we both know this is the correct choice for you and you are rightfully at that decision in this type of relationship .
do you think you and one other guy are in the same relationship to begin with or is it just a matter of these two things with you ?
i understand how you are feeling especially after one of these feelings that has you " ending it "
well i have you an ear open ! i hope you ' re feeling happy . goodnight and good luck !
good how are you doing ? i ' m here to help you . what are your problems and how do you know of everything ?
i am doing well i hope you are feeling better . why are you sad ?
so you are how i get the news that its just covid just wait for the next week it gonna be christmas i hope you will feel better than just the one week
is the business well off and is your taking a pay raise this year ? i know it can be difficult in this field for everyone .
what do you do for work
do you have a relationship with your co worker at work to see if that would be an option
have you had an extra day yet that you could have do the extra work in making you happy ?
also have you heard of web experience courses from the community ? i recently found some that are online and it ' s great learning what i like well out of what i don ' t know well in person .
i was a web host for a third party company at the time .
i do like covid also i find it really interesting how much they do on linkedin
after talking with some people i can provide you some information on the different career paths you could take
no problem stay safe and no don ' t go in if you are scared lol do it anyway it ' s not the same as looking for a job now
no problem good luck
hello * eyup , hello what ' s going on ?
is there anything i can do to help you ?
i ' m so sorry to hear you are feeling so sad . have you try getting your daughter in the best light you can at the moment so it can help you have a longer and comfortable holiday season ?
i understand completely . i ' m an realtor . i ' ve recently turned this place down for a new place but i don ' t have the right motivation right now because of this or that . i have been looking for another job but i just don ' t have the ability .
of course . it could benefit you from asking such a worthy asking . that you might be able to work with your managers and pay a negative salary by asking about it . it could even be a gain you could appreciate .
i am glad that you are making the right decision and looking for something so completely fulfilling . i would love to find a job in your field . i have one i can i can you with and i can even make it in a difficult work space .
it seems like you are also working as a being to cut ties completely and only from your income . i think you ' re doing the right thing because you are getting a positive experience from your stay at a place that is working and making you a very kind and pro__unk__ yunderstandable boss .
sounds like that is a good resource . i may try to find something on linksys , if that is less expensive .
of course . i wish you well for the future . i wish you the best of luck and you will take my word for it !
sure have a lovely day , you ' ll be fine . it ' s been a pleasure speaking to you .
sorry to hear that . what was the break__unk__ up for ?
well i know that you can do it if you try your best , i do i know how i did my first boyfriend
i do understand it can be hard to find that someone to talk to that is dedicated to you and can want to talk to you while you are feeling sad . . .
so you were both fighting for who knows how long . is that correct ?
i also hear you have hard on yourself . . . you have no strong right or because of it . have you confronted the problem and talked it out with the two of you ?
do you think you are able to trust that she was not just me or does it really affect you ?
perhaps that will help you understand what you did wrong - if you can just let that your talk and let her know how you can express that , if she ' d rather be outside or not i think it might be ok .
what was the reason that you came to this situation ?
no need to apologize - you can ' t hurt your partner by encourages being a loser . this is a good option as the two of you have spoken about it , so you both can say that it was because of the police !
so you feel you are being pressured and shame__unk__ ould__unk__ t be able to address the issue ?
well that is the spirit i think , with those sort of meaningless tasks , i have no problems talking to my boss about the times when i feel like i am not doing my job well and if it comes with a reward
well , i can see that it is what you are after , you feel really your work is missing and there is no bright side to it ! at least you have that . . and make a good living with it though !
i work in it , i feel the same way as you during sales tasks , i do the breaks to rethink my relationships in store and yes sales is my one alternative , lol .
have you thought about speaking to your manager or something you have wanted to do for a long time ?
i see . perhaps you could look into employment recommendations or maybe go to a group meetings or networking about your job at your job .
it is sounds that you are having trouble understanding and that is right __unk__ no need to be sad
i can totally understand , it ' s so difficult to let go of one ' s feelings after going through rough times .
perhaps you could explore options that may shift your focus on your duties when you work in the factory . they have options for people who feel that their job is beyond one task to do .
why does he think that he is going to keep you employed ?
if that are the things that work for you it is better to try it out , i would do it . i know you seem really wants to do this . i think that is your strength and you can do it .
i love to listen to your music and reading as i can ' t listen to any sound the anybody of it , it is a frustrating , we do it for the most part but i can feel that there are getting worse as it all goes on for me
yes that sounds like a great idea .
of course you got this !
you too ! i ' m happy for you !
