that is a very difficult situation to be in
how did your college give you that interest ?
ah that ' s a bad situation . however , at least you have school to work through and take a step back after the pandemic . i know sometimes it can be beneficial to take up a dedicated path to study and move on .
i know that it seems a little self serving of them to not point that out . but it may be worth a shot !
yes , that is the most effective way to solve these problems .
you may also be able to discuss your concern about your work with your counselor to the school
i believe in you ! i wish you good luck in your future endeavors . it is never too late to reach out for help .
did you want to go to a better university ?
please consider this option , because it is good news for you .
i am glad you ' re feeling better .
bye !
oh i see , so it sounds like you have a really bad coworker ?
how has this affected your personal lives in the past year ?
that ' s very frustrating . i would be so upset .
i can imagine that is difficult on your part . sometimes it helps to make an effort to make sure your co__unk__ worker doesn ' t just slump you or that you don ' t even see them .
that sounds like she does not really care what the people that she is giving to is who ' s doing . is there any proof that she has a criminal history ?
perhaps there is a letter that you can tell the co__unk__ worker that your performance did not impress and that there may be other things in your supervisor ' s jobs that do not benefit the boss ? perhaps someone you can talk to to discuss how she did this .
ah i can imagine the situation is very difficult . i ' ve found that it helps to have some additional work put to work so that the employers can continue to be loyal to their employees .
that ' s certainly a reach ! i know it ' s very frustrating but it is a good way to put your 2 cents in . have you reached out to your boss in the past to talk to your boss about this ?
what are some things that you have done that are outside your control ?
is there anything else that you could do to help make your job more manageable ?
good ! how are you today , how can i help you today ?
so it sounds like you want to get cash but he lied and chose not to give it to you ? i am extremely sorry to hear that .
is there any legal sites you could email your friend that may have a vested interest in making it a successful business venture ?
do you have any evidence that he didn ' t bring it up in the first place ?
i would totally end it and let him know how much you hate him .
i had a friend like that one time . i wouldn ' t be surprised if he has an older partner now that he was working on a software he didn ' t want to give to a partner in the first place , but it always takes some time to learn that they had a purpose .
i could have __unk__ if i were you
i have had friends who try to get me in trouble . what if i have a mutual friend , and he activates the relationship without telling me .
do you know what the other guy did that is hurting you ?
hello ! it sounds like you are very experienced and you would like to speak to someone about what you need .
ok so what is the problem you have ?
that is very tough . i would hate to have to go through that . i am sorry . i bet you are feeling very isolated .
so the management did not like your customer and you have felt that you were getting overlooked and that he had a grievance . this can be very difficult to deal with .
is there anything you would like to talk about today ?
yes it is very true that there is a place for all this just no one is prepared for that
ah i see , do you have anyone close to you that could possibly possibly be a family heir__unk__ or is that something that is possible to do in some form ?
i think it is very difficult for you to have friends who are not close with you . it sounds like you are a great support system and you definitely know how you are feeling and really have that as well . you are being very positive and there is a great deal of you there .
i have never been to church but i have been in life volunteering . it is kind of a small gig for me so it wouldn ' t be worth fighting over but for a new manager ? __unk__ you don ' t have to fight you just don ' t want to lose out .
i would suggest you try to do a meditation or physical exercise that can be use to relax the nerves and a social media support system . have you tried those yet ?
that is good to hear . i wish you all the best and i wish you the best in the future . i think you ' ll be able to do it .
and i ' m happy to help ! have a wonderful holiday season !
yes i am new to learning new things to improve myself personally .
i have a cat as well . we have just gotten in to the very new apartment and have 2 cats for the first time .
yes i understand . i have a cat i live with and i take him out with me to the park once a week to look outside .
are there any other things i can help you with ?
that is very good that you have confidence in yourself and your self__unk__ development abilities . i ' m happy i was able to help you feel a bit better .
of course . do you want to end the conversation now or can you get out any later ?
is there a particular cause or problem ?
sometimes life is just the best out there and maybe you can try another time . i have gone through some similar times and i know how hard it can be .
i did that for weeks . it also helped to let the body relax and then go to sleep before going to sleep . i used long time to stretch over a hour or so before sleeping .
it worked out perfectly for me .
yes i think it worked very well , i have worked in that routine a lot too .
meditation is great and you can use it as a mask .
do you want to tell me what you are trying to achieve ?
are there any other issues you are having at the moment ?
it sounds like you are able to do more without exercise and staying up a lot
i am glad that i did these things for a while after i started so it did help me during the morning
do you feel that ?
i am okay , is there anything on your mind or mind that has triggered this question ?
oh no i am so sorry to hear that . i have been there before and i know how difficult that can be . do you have a list of things you want to do to help yourself in the future ?
have you tried doing online job search or go to your local job market and ask what the best job will be ?
so you are not as well off as you might think - i hope i have been able to make you feel a bit better about this . is there a chance you can have a short chat with a hr person that may have help you out ?
maybe you could try and think of ways to achieve a higher paying job ?
have you looked at gig jobs before ? the opportunities are available for hire and it usually helps to have an alternative to a lot of work .
there are a few online courses that might be worth looking into . there are some very useful courses that can make you feel better , even if some of them are more helpful .
would you be open to learning from a professional software developer or software engineer ? what can i suggest you doing to add to your resume ?
well , you said you want to work for a company to make a living . you have a good sense of programming . sounds like you don ' t and that ' s all that matters . i can recommend anything .
do you have any big plans for the future ?
well you can definitely get into those companies yourself - i have worked in them and have seen some good benefits .
have you thought of increasing your exposure to jobs at work as there are some jobs right now that need to make that sort of money
hello u / markebby2 , how are you doing today ?
i am really sorry to hear that . can you please tell me what happened ?
i ' m sorry you ' re going through this , have you explained why she is being say that ?
it can be frustrating when friends just aren ' t answering your calls or not allowing you to make friends when they are having a difficult time with the holidays .
yes , i have . but it has been a very hard conversation to get through . i let him know i ' ve been feeling a bit better about it , that he is keeping me motivated to make things happen in a better way for him . does that sound right ?
i can see that you have feelings toward her and that ' s tough . i think you could have a good conversation and tell her that you want to spend time with her . i think she would understand .
you sound like a very loving and caring husband to treat a child like this . your husband sounds like a great man to have in your family . 10yrs is a long time for a relationship . i wouldn ' t be disrespectful to my child like that .
you sound like a very thoughtful and understanding and considerate friend . i hope this helps you out a bit .
yes , distance is definitely the right thing to do , especially for that long . you ' ve had your friends through a lot of troubling .
of course ! i know it ' s hard right now , but i wish you the best of luck !
hello helors welcome , how are you doing today ?
i understand - we are feeling the same way as you
are there other classes you are interested in taking ?
i can tell that you are really smart about this and i can totally understand it being really stressful to stay inside during this pandemic !
that sounds great . and the computer skills will help you earn a living for a time when you are done .
i have an advisor that i do writing for and i understand how anxious you are and how unhealthy it makes you feel .
it sounds like you are taking pretty good care of yourself . it will definitely be nice to have someone like that with you who you feel comfortable with .
you ' re welcome . i am glad that i could be of some help .
i think it ' s great you are seeking help from others .
your welcome . i hope you have a wonderful new year ahead .
you ' re welcome !
im well too . is it a pandemic ?
london is probably where i am going , i am not even sure what the pandemic is at
it is hopefully common knowledge that covid has caused 6 layer of compromised tissue in new citizens since the mid conversation today
i think it will be cool to see what new developments can be needed to move the vaccine .
yeah i can understand how that is a very stressful situation for you .
i am not working in frontline at the moment , but i am interestin with others with kids . i am part of a local group who raised awareness for all of this and no one actually seems to care .
i am not a health worker but i have heard it is safe for students . i am not sure if this is true for everyone however , in my case i have not seen it and have thought it would not be .
yes , i understand that . of course i would love to go outside , but i worry it might just become a thing . it seems that , during these times , the pandemic is more necessary for our mental health .
you are welcome __unk__ but thank you for talking with me __unk__ __unk__ bit rexation for me __unk__ bit
it was my pleasure ! thank you for talking to me too .
hello , i am doing pretty good __unk__ i am sorry if i sound inappropriate )
what is going on ?
i understand that . we need some paid teachers who have done what makes them the best in the workforce . what are you looking for in a degree that you are currently pursuing ?
i see . so it sounds like your stem school is hopeless . are you asking why it is so difficult for you to be in academia ?
no i didn ' t . civil engineering was a great choice for you ! i also went to college as well . did you have a similar experience ?
i did indeed . i was a student in my early 30s so i understand how much work it is to be a certified optician .
there are not any promises in your degree and you have the potential to make at least a successful career with that degree . however , what you can do is consider it , as they say . i think it can make you stand out when you can ' t tell that to the future .
i know how difficult that can be . do you have any family who could possibly support you at the moment ?
it ' s a normal feeling . i think you can do this !
i have been in this situation a few times myself , i decided to not do that at all and make sure that i did my job well . if i did i still had a positive attitude and i had the energy to be proud of myself .
are you able to do extra work in the past to pay for the holidays ?
no i have not but i know many have and it is a valid sadness and frustration .
what are you looking for a job for now ?
i think you know you can work in that position if you are loyal .
if you were fired , you did nothing wrong at all , but maybe you would have felt better about your personal chances ?
because you can no longer get them back after three years , you need to move on from this .
i feel as if the tools we have as humans are far too fundamental for them to be able to become true adults .
ok
that ' s my plan ! !
of course ! don ' t let this go . you can always look after the kids just as much as he can .
i completely understand , also the whole thing is a red subject , but if you have more experience i think it would be a great time to interview the veteran . you have nothing to lose , in my opinion .
hi 3 ! how is your day goin ? ! ?
i ' m sorry to hear that . it sounds like you ' re having a hard time finding your motivation to do something . i have a hard time finding motivation to do things myself . is that right ?
would you want to do any work on it for money , given the current pandemic ?
i think you need to read a book or play video games
do you have a schedule for when you are in bed or do you work from home ?
lockdown has been a bother to many people but i bet it is better for you !
i am so sorry . that sounds terrible .
i know that the struggle of a certain stress reliever is really difficult .
exercise will help you depreopinion of the hobbies and routine that you might not like to be apart of .
great ! ! i ' m glad you have something you think could be a support from me . it is difficult at times and difficult to try to come up with a solution as is .
no problem .
you ' re very welcome ! you ' re very welcome !
hello : ) how are you feeling today ? are you feeling anything new today ?
can you tell me a little about what it is that is causing you this ?
that sounds like a frustrating and uncharter friend ! i ' m sorry you had to deal with that !
did you have any relation with the person you thought was you in the past
you know your friendship is better off without that toxic friend .
it will only hurt if you do it __unk__ and that can be hard
or find something you can call her to do , and let her know you appreciate her friendship
what the right thing to do
i would take your time to yourself
have you talked to her since she was your friendship
what else can you do to pass the time for yourself ?
as someone that dealt with a similar situation , i can relate to that
i hear you , i am in the same situation , staying busy and covid is the only way to get through this .
i ' m glad i could help
thank you !
i ' m so sorry to hear that . do you have a financial plan you ' re comfortable in ?
it sounds like you ' ve lost a job , and you ' re experiencing a sudden pandemic . this seems to be a strange situation . . .
have you tried to sit down and have a talk with your co__unk__ workers and try to see if there ' s anything specific that ' s going on that ' s bothering you that might be affecting you ?
yes , i have felt lost and it took me a lot of strength to reach out and share my feelings with you . please reach out and i will remember you for the rest of the world and stay safe . it is the time of the year that matters the most .
yes that would be a very good option . my friend actually was laid off while in school and she thought it was a good job because she did not want to work there anymore .
i know it is hard but you got this . i hope i can be of some help and thank you for talking and i wish you the best in the future . i know this has taken time . i wish you all the best in your future .
i would start small and see if there is anyone that needs help with anything . if there are hiring agencies , there are a lot of opportunities out there . if you are in a small town , there are sometimes charities that might give you a gift .
no problem !
it sounds like you are emotionally and mentally preparing for the worst . i am sure that after your job" jobs are out of your reach and you look back , you will be proud of you for reaching out for help .
you are welcome and i am really glad to hear that .
your welcome , enjoy your new home and stay safe
is there anything else you would like to discuss ?
i apologize that my side is yours , have a good rest of your day .
no problem . is there anything else you would like to talk about ?
hi be glad i can help . how can i help you ?
yes , i can now see it . i can tell how anxious you are that you are feeling and how frustrating you are feeling .
i think it ' s very obvious what you ' re looking for .
how have you been losing your job ?
i think you need to understand your own self __unk__ im just some advice , can you guys do this now ?
okay , it sounds like you are worried about resources you may be tight on . that ' s what i would be doing . have you thought of trying to find a job outside the usual cash unemployment channels for you ?
i too had to go through that same exact dilemma once , and it was a really helpful resource to have ! i personally am in a very different time now , and i have had many phone calls . have you spoken to a tutor in the past to help you with your financial situation ?
that sounds super interesting . have you tried going to job centers where they have help from home ? perhaps you can find a part time job there to refresh your mind while you do your online job .
okay , well have you consulted with online support groups or the hr department ? i have seen that they have great staff , and even covid ents can find your application and call you in contact with a resume to see if you would like to submit a resume with any forward pointing details .
you are very welcome ! good luck !
okay , have you updated your resume to include any other small things that i have contributed to the job market ? like for instance , have you found that perhaps you could include the benefits of linkedin ?
thanks for chatting with me and i hope that i have been able to give you some helpful advice .
my name is 奠i ' m good how are you ?
so you feel you can ' t get enough sleep because you haven ' t slept enough ?
have you asked your doctor for a specialist ? or does the medication provide a lot of help ?
it sounds like you are just not getting enough , though , right ?
also , do you have any sports you love to play ? watching sports would be a great distraction . you could try getting a water bottle every night . it might help a little .
well , i used to sleep in an hour , and usually that was for as little as 40 . it is completely natural for a night owl to sleep 40 hours a night .
that ' s a good idea ! i ' ve thought about doing that , however i can ' t get over working out and want to avoid a stressful workout .
it might be that time to reward yourself , too . sometimes just rewards yourself with a plan of action , like yoga or something .
i understand that you don ' t feel sleepy in the morning but you also don ' t feel tired in the morning . it ' s normal . you should try doing some mental exercises to combat that !
breathing in quick and breathing in quick can help . sometimes it takes patience for sure , but it doesn ' t hurt to try .
the podcasts are a great way to relax before the night time . if it ' s something i do when i ' m not so tired , i usually go for a night walk .
do you have any favorite music you like to listen to ?
it ' s a good thing you have that light on . do you have any moving pieces you can put under the curtains ? you can put that on even if it doesn ' t look like it .
no problem ! if you need anything else , let me know !
of course ! i can relate to that at times . have a great night !
thank you ! you too !
i am sorry to hear that . why are you feeling depressed ?
oh that ' s terrible , how do you do that ?
that is understandable to feel those feelings . what did your close friend do that you were struggling with ?
i ' ve been a pain when i lost someone . i reached out to my friend and there were a lot of people i could reach out to .
do you want to tell me what the thoughts are ?
if you have thoughts like that sometimes it ' s natural to see the dark . what do you think is the reason for the alert aspect ?
sometimes a laugh can startle people . when my dad died i had the same issues . it was very difficult for me to cope with it but i believe in you .
have you tried to talk to your friend over the weekend and maybe ask him what his thoughts are like ? if he might be able to tell you what he thinks .
there are some practices you can use to block those thoughts and you might be able to find some support . i am actually in counseling for a really tough case and a friend of mine suffers from the same exact thing .
well that ' s a thought . you might feel more scared than you think .
maybe try having a dream where you ' re dreaming of the unknown and just talked to him .
i ' m very sorry you ' re going through this .
hello , worlds is a pretty tight spot for chatting at this time . how are you ?
you ' re not going to fail your finals !
what caused the failing ?
oh . that is terrible . how has the pandemic been increasing ? did you take any other classes to be more prepared for the college ?
that sounds really exhausting for you to go through that long of school . i know that i would not do that at all . you have the right to go though and it sounds like you are getting the best of what you are having in life . i am sure that you will do great !
wow ! that sounds like a lot of fun . maybe you could think of something in your school that could help you get off academic probation ? i know that would really help !
i understand it seems like it is so difficult to keep everything in a status quo that you are always worried about . but you are making a great student feel stronger , after all ! i think you can get through this !
alright , well you may want to call the resources that you can use . i can tell that you are not totally out of my mind , but if you don ' t think that option is worth it then maybe you should have another look at college . do you have any financial support for you ?
don ' t feel like a failure ! after you are done with school , then i suggest you get back to work !
that sounds great ! i am a proud parent . a son is not a great choice . online courses have made me very happy with my school !
i believe that every day we go by what you are saying is the most important thing you are doing right now .
you are so welcome ! i think i just graduated with a degree .
okay . why are you feeling lost ?
okay . are you the same person you are with after the breakup ?
i am dealing with the same feeling myself and it is awful ! you really do have to go through this .
i have always thought that the 15 minute before my mom has been trying to lose weight or make me lose weight . i keep trying to change my eating and it has been a no end .
i can completely understand the frustration you have going through right now .
okay . i can tell you just from your words that this has been a very stressful time for you . how does the other children around you and your siblings make you feel ?
i think you could give your kids a teaching spot if you wanted
there are also budget nanny websites that you can google to find help for your kids .
just from chatting with you i can sense the difficulty in looking for affordable nanny options . have you thought of contacting an agency that would be able to help you since you are in the purdito situation ?
i know how you are feeling i have struggled in life before . i often hear my hubby and i talk a lot when we are frustrated . sometimes i just ignore and deal with my feelings .
is there anyone in your family that you can talk to ?
hello them beacuse you what ever you like . .
what is a politics issue that you are worried about
i have no problem with political sites that are about dealing with things . it ' s the social situation at work i do not understand .
what is happening with you that you are so concerned about it ?
oh my , my friend is more of a biden supporter than i am . that is completely understandable !
could you tell her what you have been worried about today and what you really wanted to do in the past . would that help her understand more ?
my best friend today did the same thing , she ( ideally ) did not have an action against my personality until i talked to her about how i was feeling about it . i told her that i was sad about the biden win but i had no reason to care .
would she really have had so much anger 4 years ago that she was upset ?
maybe i just know that i could be that friend , but i don ' t think it would really be a reflection on you personally .
if you were friends for more than 25 years then you might as well go ahead and have an honest conversation with her and see how her coming out of this was going to go .
i think that ' s a good idea . she will not really want to be friends with you when you ' ve been through a lot of fighting . you should not get too worried . that would be making you a victim of this heartbreak .
you too ! good bye .
hello banquet code empower> hi ! how are you ?
how may i help you with that ?
i ' m so sorry ! i understand that being an emotional break up can make it hard to move on .
well , it sounds like the lack of support can be a source of stress . have you talked to your friends and maybe thought about talking to your boyfriend about it ?
oh i can understand that . it must be very difficult having no one to talk to .
i know how hard it can be to have an argument like that . i have been in that situation before and my frustration was understandable . i was with a man that i loved so much and had a temper . we just stopped coping and for a month we were together again .
it sounds like you broke up with him because he thinks he is doing you a disservice . are you able to give him credit ?
is there anything else that you would like to talk about ?
is there anything else you want to talk about ?
__unk__ you are most welcome . take care .
you are very welcome !
how did it help you ?
i ' m well . is there anything i can do to help you ?
i understand completely , i had a similar problem a few months ago when i wasn ' t motivated to do my work at all .
ok . would you like to tell me what type of work it is ? what type of work are you currently doing ?
so it sounds to me like you don ' t have time to start everything . how are you able to get to what you ' re studying at the moment ?
are you getting anxiety when the start isn ' t a complete success or when you ' re having issues with ending up on the same work in the first place ?
for me personally , the best method i found is to try and find that inmediatley solved task first before finding the results later on , then try and find the difficult solution for the challenge . if you ' re really challenging then just practice for a while before you start .
also try to focus on doing your job if you can and if you can take time to breathe . it ' s really calming .
have you thought about seeing a professional in a while ? do you feel that the situation is relatively valid at the moment ?
ah i think that could be contributing to these things .
it sounds like it might be something that you ' ve done your fair share of time ago
you ' re welcome ! have a lovely rest of your day !
oh sorry about that - i know you can ' t do that as we can only do it from the same end - do you have an issue with this issue or is it a general one ?
you ' re welcome !
hello , i am sorry to hear that . how can i voulishes your depression ?
i ' m so sorry to hear that . breaking up can be very hard , when you have the time , you can keep me and i can help you find happiness again .
how long were you together ? was it long term or mutual ?
do you want to give me a break from what you ' re going through ?
how do you feel that they have the power to tell you what is and is not right ?
so you ' ve spent a lot of time with your girlfriend while your girlfriend is with you ?
do you think that having a support system is a good way to help you feel more connected to your girlfriend ?
what has been going on during quarantine this year ?
that sounds like a great idea , where are you going ?
have you thought of any activities that could help you temporarily ?
you ' re welcome .
what is a serious gf__unk__ bf ?
what would happen if you were in a relationship with the next girlfriend ? do you know what will happen ?
a year or two would be the start of you finding your funk .
remember that most people have a future if not a better one .
if it ' s an option , you could go for it . i ' ve been in this position before , you ' ll be fine . i think it ' s best to maintain a distance from my family . i know you can be for that alone .
is there anything else you need to talk about ?
hello __unk__ 4 hello how are you today ?
why do you feel like you can ' t finsh your studies ?
i am sorry to hear that . what are you studying ?
focus on yourself first , then your work you will understand .
i think you will be okay try to work with you work to catch up with your studies
i hope you will finish with your exam
just a try to be confident about your studies and you will be successful
there are a lot of help courses for college
yes i just give myself some rest and try to focus on studying the next day
good , i am sure you will do great
best of luck to you
bye now
hi ten ? how are you doing today ? ! ? !
okay . what problem is it that you ' re facing ?
so , it sounds like your fears are valid and you are worrying about taking that class in the past ?
i am happy to help . i am sure you are willing to take what you are passionate about and do well .
does your school have exams that can help you with any of this ?
i don ' t know what your chances are of getting a honors grade are , but if you can study for an honor exam you can succeed .
that sounds a bit difficult . i wonder what someone there might think ?
have you looked into organizations like food banks or food banks ?
i have only gone to one of those and it was so incredibly painful and tiring .
there might be groups that are looking for reviseors who are taking classes to make them feel a bit better about it .
i hope it will help . if you have a good plan going , you will be really very successful . maybe you can push through at least a a b even though you don ' t think it ' s going to .
do you think it ' s possible to fail all of your classes at once ? is that possible ?
you too !
hey
that ' s a hard time for you , i can tell you are extremely stressed right now . i ' m really sorry you ' re stressed . is it in school or do you have a schedule for the classes ?
sometimes it helps to take your mind off of things that need it .
if you are stressed about school , what is it that you do not have to do ?
that is completely understandable . i used to be a retired high school girl , so i know how stressful that can be !
i ' m really glad you got that through your chest ! i can tell how bad the fatigue can be during these times .
you can definitely do it , and i think it is worth the stress . but i don ' t think you are being knocked out , you are doing really good !
i completely understand . being in school alone can really help during a busy time . i was in a similar situation . i took online classes before each exam and i ended up struggling even more than i usually do .
i hope you feel better !
good luck !
that sounds great !
what would you like to talk about ?
i think it would help to tell me how it is going .
so what is you ' re saying is you ' re feeling depressed , like this isn ' t going well for you ?
i have to know where to find the time for things that are starting to get the best of me right now .
that ' s pretty close , isn ' t it ? i can ' t wait until the holidays , i hope i have a nice new family .
it sounds like you are doing well in this trying time . is there any help you can help out with ?
winter break is a tough time , you ' ll be well prepared for it
i ' m in college also , and i know it can be stressful in times of stress .
i can tell that you ' re very dedicated to staying safe and i think the finals will help you a lot . i ' m happy for you .
well i hope they ' re not as stressed about you as they are about your family .
and my pleasure , you can stay safe , bye .
yep , thank you . i wish you all the best and good luck with the rest of your exams .
you ' re a hero and i ' m proud of you !
please try to not let any of this stress pass by .
thank you for talking and i wish you all the best !
what is going on ?
are you at least able to take some time to think about these feelings ? it ' s a scary time in the world sometimes .
you must be scared because that is how you made that decision !
i am not sure what your details are but there are probably steps you can take for online assistance .
do you have family or friends that could help with the situation ? it could help you have something to do during the day to take your mind off of it .
there are probably a lot of organisations you can try to talk to . if you can think of anything you might need to try , i am sure they could get you in touch with one .
i am not totally sure on that but i hope i have been able to help
yes i have and it wasn ' t fun but at the end of the day it was the economy and not the goodness . but i believe it ' s the job market that needs to be fixed now too .
thank you : )
that sounds very promising . i can tell from how excited you are that you have a chance .
thank you very much . you are very welcome . you will find that a great start . i hope that you can find a really good start . good luck !
i am so happy that you can end the chat : )
you as well !
you too
it sounds like you are worried you are going to go to sleep ? is that correct ?
i am so sorry that you are feeling so stressed , but from what we have seen it is possible . the covid has shown life can change but the current situation is not necessarily the case .
don ' t let the news . i ' m in the same position . i started with the vaccine which is only at christmas , but soon after i started working on my degree i ' m looking for more important jobs .
i also have worried about staying inside for the safety of others . i know exactly how you feel . i have also had a talk with my boss about the time the virus brought to the world as a part of his 40 ' s .
you need to be glad you have that job . if you have any concerns about your health you could always take a class in your local work home care group !
at times i get extremely anxious and even this does not go as well as it should . i have tried to schedule my days off from work by taking a short walk or take a brisk walk . maybe you can do this for a few hours each morning before you go for a walk or dinner ?
what helped me understand about my plans was a lot of people wrote letter and updates saying we can ' t continue the program if we cannot receive the vaccine .
maybe . exposure therapy is a good suggestion for motivating ourselves . i suggest that the approach you ' re trying to pursue . start doing yoga , or yoga , to help your breathing . then move on to cutting out food .
i used to have a lot of anxiety as well . maybe you can try some other therapy techniques ?
are you doing okay at the moment ?
i understand your frustration . you have every right to have your emotions or concerns and those are what put you in a terrible place .
yes , i get it .
great start ! keep it positive .
i totally understand . social distancing can be a real issue .
yes i think that is the best solution . i think it might be the best thing you can do .
you are so welcome !
hello , i am good how are you doing ?
what seems to be making you feel this way ?
okay , so this is what ' s been happening . my ex ' s behavior broke up with me a few years ago . i never thought i would have this problem since i was a kid . unfortunately , i have behaved in a few ways that i haven ' t changed .
i suggest you don ' t be that edgy : ) what if you get someone to talk to to be an adult and be there for her ? you are not there anymore , what can i help you with today ?
i am so glad you are getting support . i really hope that this happens for all of you and not just for your daughter . you ' re wonderful for such a great friend .
i think she will too , if the motivations are right . it is important to do the necessary things that make her stronger . it is very good that you have a strength of one . you both are big members of a really great love __unk__ hopefully your support tonight will be more strong .
yes it ' s very nice to have a support system .
that sounds very nice of you ! that is the first step in healing an abusive relationship and hopefully for the best . that is a great idea for her and i am proud of you for doing so .
that ' s a really big job and you have time to be honest about everything .
you are very welcome ! you too !
you too : )
i hope i have been able to be of some help to you .
i am sorry to hear that . what is going on that you ' ' d like to talk about ?
wow , that is so hard . that ' s not a fair excuse for breaking up .
i am so sorry to hear that .
wow that is very selfish of him . i ' m sorry that this happened to you .
they definitely are ! it ' s hard when you are there for someone , but i know you can get through it ! have you spoken to your friend yet ?
i can understand the need to make time for your mom ! it ' s hard , but it ' s especially with the schools and universities having really supportive rules . i ' m glad that you are doing something to help you .
what would be your goals exactly ?
exactly . i ' m glad you are talking it through ! it is always great to hear that you can control your self esteem and help your mom in the future ! you are not alone !
i hope you get your car and bus tickets and get a better feel for the future , too !
what ' s the problem with you working out of school ?
that sounds good . i have actually used remote learning in the past to study english . i think it is a great way to have a bit of control . is that how you are feeling at the moment ?
maybe you could find people in your class who are talking at the same time
i completely understand how you feel . you have proven that you know your limits and you want to do what you ' re best at .
i can totally understand being unsure whether you ' d be able to do that at this point in your life , but i don ' t think it is the end of the world
i understand your concern , but i believe you can only do this in your time to spare . i personally would let it have its way with you , or make sure you have a list of classes you want to take next year to take as well .
yes , that ' s true . it also makes things a little more neutral , you don ' t have to let the covid pressure and anxiety take you away from your schooling . you can still choose to enjoy it and do it how you want .
you can always wait until winter is over
there are this free cloud backup group that is a small community with a few meetings open , you could rent a room and do one on ebay if you are good . it could help you find a good solution .
thanks you too . enjoy the rest of your day .
i am sorry to hear that . what has happened ?
so are you feeling sad and sad because of a specific incident , or was it all just general general mood sort of thing ?
that must be really hard for you to just have a child from one of the schools .
i think your children are in a great spot and your husband should not be treating you so poorly !
you are totally right , there are a lot of feelings that need to be worked through , and even if you don ' t feel like you have had any of those feelings , you should tell your husband that you are happy that you are there for him when he is not .
that sounds extremely difficult , especially considering that he has decided to leave you because of this , but at the same time you are still here , and you are right , even if you are not the exact right one , you are still here for your kids .
i ' m glad i could be some support . i will be glad to help you in any way , and that is all i have left . i wish you well , and i ' m happy to hear you come to better mind , too . i ' m glad i could help .
it is my pleasure , i hope i was able to be of some help
thank you ! !
what is the chainzing about your sadness ?
so , it sounds like you are being embarrassed about it , but that you don ' t know you are being seen or wouldn ' t be able to deliver it ?
how long has this been going on ?
i would suggest letting people know your feelings about this . it might be helpful .
i know it can be difficult , but have you tried reaching out to charities ? there are even job sites out there that are seeking students for job training !
as you mentioned , there are many different agencies to use to look for employment during the pandemic . perhaps you could try using this to support yourself while you continue to work .
no problem ! i know it was hard at the time but we will get through it !
you are welcome . i know you will find something you can do in the meantime . do you have a tv or a book that you can use to keep you both health and well away from other people ?
just be sure you do not let the virus get you down too badly , keep yourself busy and you will be fine . you have a lot to take in .
there are also some support groups on facebook or facebook for people you are close to or friends that you may be able to reach out to . you might feel a little embarrassed sometimes but you can try joining some of those if you feel good about it .
you can try consulting some agencies or doing gig work if you are able . there are lots of online work services that would enable you to work remotely and also without your social security number .
you may also be expected to be studying and going to be a physician , cna or an academic advisor .
i think you will get your work if you keep applying . you should feel great when you do .
you as well
how are you ? how , what can i help you with today ?
what is going on ?
yes i am here .
of course i am here , and yes i am still here and i wish you all the best .
is there something you have considered ?
maybe asking your husband , or a tattoo card - that way you wouldn ' t have to spend money on something unless they want to ?
i don ' t know if you would be able to go wrong with both those ideas , but i can recommend hand made materials .
my daughter loves toys and boxes . maybe your kids would be interested in toys of that kind as well !
is it possible to just make them a list of things you like doing for a living , such as games , crafts , that way it doesn ' t feel like it ' s being wasted ?
that is a great idea ! i bet it looks great . now that they are getting ready to be adults , the kids will have to make the ornament with other various aspects of their lives . like chocolate , dark chocolate and children playing toys with adults .
while not everyone is getting all the big gifts , there are also plenty of children who are getting gifts for their own lives . there are even kids who are getting a christmas gift of themselves . it might not be a good idea to condo it that early .
how are things going with the toys and puzzles ?
you are absolutely welcome ! i hope your projects go well for you and your kids .
how can i help you today ?
what is your friend ignoring you about ?
what would be the first step in this particular relationship to see her respond that way ?
your feelings will come true when you make friends . people that are like you are the true true ! !
maybe you should meet new people to join them .
i have made way too much alone time
in high school i used to make good friends with other students i worked in class
do you have any hobbies ?
your welcome .
is there anything else you would like to talk about
okay bye !
have a good day to
hello them bks are you there ?
yes i can tell you are a good person so what does that tell you ?
what incident was it ?
being male and identified as female can sometimes be hard to identify for some people . and yes , it is not a healthy society for girls to fight for no reason . do you think there is something specific you think is causing it ?
i know that it is nice to hear your feelings towards a source of support for something you might need . do you have any family that you can talk to ?
well my experience , do you think that it could be because they were tough and chose it over what to say ?
i have two boys that i am very close to . they yelling at me because i dont want to prove to them right . they told me to do the same thing to take my anger out on me in the eyes of the poor woman .
you seem really worried about the situation and would like to find a way to at least clear your head and get some some perspective
have you tried reaching out to her family or friends who have experienced some trouble with this ? maybe that could benefit from a talking to a friend or a family member ?
my mom started abusive towards my ex a couple years after she had a baby so it was really common among the other kids i had .
oh definitely . at this point i feel like she wouldn ' t even know you are here if you wouldn ' t have the patience and resources to open your own discussion with her . i think it would be best to just do it alone in your own room .
it doesn ' t seem like you have that in common with her , so you ' d probably think she doesn ' t really like the way she is acting . it might be time to take some deep breaths and think a little more clearly before you do that .
good . i wish you all the best and best wishes in the new year !
i hope so .
can you tell me a little more about why you are feeling so down ?
did you tell your parents how it ' s happening ?
would you want to tell me what your problem is ?
are you a student ?
i can ' t you can share what the problem is with you ?
maybe try speaking to the principal or another teacher about it ?
did you tell this teacher how you have problems with home school ?
well , i think you have done your part at least a little . could you try creating a new fit for yourself ? maybe maybe for a dinner or you can try to make a new set of friends ?
do you have a hobbies to keep your mind off school ?
nice ! i love movies and sports !
so you can understand why you are worried .
maybe you just have to try that .
if you try , have you asked for any support ?
have you tried to do anything else or have you tried to stop doing this ?
i am glad i could help you !
you ' re very welcome . have a good one !
have a great day !
im doing well how are you
that ' s understandable . i am sorry to hear that you are not getting over your girlfriend .
i have been through that same situation before . what kind of woman were you ?
did you spend any time on the computer ?
you sound like you have strong feelings for women . that is a good place to start .
sometimes they ask you if you can make it through and if you have any other feelings that you are not looking forward to . sometimes we can get a little reaction from them . do you have any other friends that you can talk to ?
people tend to have different sense of reality .
you are very mature and capable of providing for other people . you can do this .
that sounds like a good idea !
maybe it will feel a little bit better after your break up , and maybe your relationships will be better again .
how can i help you ? doing anything good today ?
i am sorry you are feeling so overwhelmed . i also have a hard time dealing with depression and i know how you feel .
i hear you . i also get this feeling of feeling trapped sometimes .
are you near where this happened ?
are you at all the same age as your children ?
it was very nice talking to you
the fact that you are unable to help during the lockdown makes me think that you need help with getting it back on track and the affect it is going to have on your mental health
ok . i am happy that you are working on that plan .
just to make sure you can control things for yourself , don ' t forget to take care of her .
i have a great therapist and he is my therapist .
i can totally see you being too good for yourself to feel guilty for that . it is wonderful that you care .
my children take me on vacations , they love it
hello ones ? yourself ? your intuition is appreciated . what can i help you with today ?
oh ! what ' s been going on ? i know this is a common thing , but why do you think this is making you feel this s scary ?
oh i ' m sorry to hear that . that ' s really a very tough situation . are you angry with anyone ?
that ' s a big situation . do you know if there are some family issues that may have helped you out ?
have you tried getting a support group and chatting with them ? i have a lot of support at this point in my life and have found it useful .
i get that . zoom is good .
that sounds wonderful ! they seem like very supportive people .
have you all seen each other once in the past ? or have you all made it all the way from their family to where you have now ?
i ' ve lived all over . iowa is very close to me , and i can definitely understand the feeling of being unable to visit family and others at all .
you ' re welcome ! it was an awesome conversation .
what do you think is making you feel this way ? are you looking for any new relationships that you can share with people or are you just one of many coworkers that has been through a similar thing that is standing by you would feel different for ?
it sounds to me that they don ' t want to change . that ' s no good . it sounds like you are being directed to change , rather than what ' s going on .
definitely ! that is normal . i also have found that taking it one step at a time is a great way to improve my relationships and move on .
that might be one of the other reasons .
i see your meaning and i understand how it can be negative . i was interested in it as well but it was one of those my first loves of hate that i have had . i enjoyed the esy . are you aware of any groups you could join to talk about the subject ?
i can see why that would be . speaking from personal experience i believe that most people don ' t like the character who likes anime because they are from a much more narrow type of " anime people " who only like the quieter art and mass dress up .
it is totally your decision and your decision to say no . if people do not like your interests , than you have a part to choose from : the people you ask to speak to . do you have any personal concerns that you would like to discuss with me about ?
yes ! they have weekly groups for all kinds of things . it will open up a window for you to join them as well .
you have an absolutely fantastic plan ! you don ' t need no diamond in the rough ! you need the tools to connect with others !
that can be a risk . when i met my fiance we all went on dates as companions , as we both enjoyed some of our hobbies as well .
it will definitely get worse from here . just keep thinking positive and don ' t let anyone tell you what to do . if you don ' t feel confident after the first time it is fine !
you will be successful ! don ' t let people ' s opinions or opinion on you take you into the unknown . don ' t be afraid to just take it out on people who have actually tried this .
i often join groups that are outside of the dorm . there are enough people online that i have people to connect with who are willing to share ideas and to make people like me .
definitely ! the right thing to do is , do not let that igouror you . take one step at a time and start focusing on your life and making life happy" with your friendship . stay positive , at least i believe you will !
how can i help you ?
just be calm
say to them have nice days for me
what about ways to get your kids to school
if they don ' t play then yes they should not be doing it
yes , if you don ' t give them what they want try to teach them a nice lesson
your are so right everything is going great with your kids
that doesn ' t matter do your kid that can ' t learn anything like that
you could always get those cheaper phones for the pc
yeah don ' t feel guilty because i paid for my own house then
no problem anything else i can help you with ?
hi , how are you today ?
how long have you been together ?
i am so sorry you are going through that . can you tell me what has you struggling the most ?
i have found that focusing on important things is a huge help in life for many people . sometimes it ' s difficult to take the time to care about the important things you care about .
what are some of your hobbies that you are interested in ?
what kind of job are you trying to gain ? what has your career been so hard that you have been trying so hard to keep moving ?
it is important to stay positive . we always need to look out for ourselves in this difficult time . i hope that you have a plan and a plan to handle the situation and the reasons behind your relationship . it seems that you are trying hard but have no real plan in the current situation .
it ' s great to rethink things like that . it ' s a great way to do it and you should really do what ' s best for you . what are some of your goals in life ?
you are welcome . if you need to talk anything else just let me know .
i recommend it . some counselling apps even offer free counseling if you are without a paying counselor .
you have very good approach to this and you are having a great time . i hope you feel better soon .
i hope so too ! you are very welcome .
take care and take care of yourself .
hello i am glad you are doing so well . how are you today ?
i am doing good how are you ?
what is the grade that you are taking ?
you want to go to college ? i feel that you will surely be given the funds that you are so proud of .
do you have other loans or are you in debt at the moment ?
that is a tough situation , i can understand why you would not do that .
what if you can get loans in a fund ?
you would need to ask your government for some help but it would only cost you less if you were to loan money to another person . i know you feel this is very hard .
do you have anything you can do with the money you have and if you cant make a payment then you must try to see if there is anything you can do to take it back
what is it that you cannot see him do you have insurance ?
you need to call the school and let them know you are confused
i am 66 as well and i am currently in your position and i can definitely understand . it can be difficult . i really feel for you and my girlfriend . i know you can make it through this and i know that is hard but you can do it .
i see . so it sounds like you are a preedie so perhaps you could talk to your doctor and see if he is open to offering loan assistance ?
ok sorry to hear .
ok well if they can help you and you are not close to the finish of your studies you may be able to get your money back but i am not sure what you will be able to
well i am sorry to hear that .
merry christmas to you as well
merry christmas to you
yes merry christmas to you as well
hello . how is , how are you ?
how are you ?
what is bothering you ?
that is hard to deal with .
what was your problem
everything just seems covid and its normal
just tell them how i dont need you to say anything and i am still good friends but maybe you should be careful
you should just be happy and not worry about how it end or her finding new interest
yes maybe get back to her and you will have new best friend and you ' ll still have friends
but the right one one might come back
just from chatting with you i know that this might be hard for you , but i know you got this
you got a lot to go to do but its okay sometimes we have to take one for the team
what are you facing today ?
i see . what is your issue with drinking alcoholi ?
so you are worried you will be found out when you have a job ? that is very stressful for you ! have you been drinking at home or at a business place ?
that is a real tough situation . i think you might have a pretty good chance at finding out . do you get it from an accurate point of view ?
do you feel that you have any covid problems at all ?
i would just take a step back and try to think of what you can do now . what are you willing to do in order to improve your relationship with your coworkers ?
that is the spirit , i believe !
that does make you worried about being fired , but i would be very happy to help you when i can .
i definitely do think that is a very reasonable complaint to make and at the very least you have to give them a chance to address your issues before it really becomes too big of a deal .
can you take that 3 . 000 though ? i could see that happening if there was an incident with that many people .
it would be great if you were to let them know your problem and let them know it isn ' t a fair excuse .
the numbers are difficult to say no to __unk__ : ) )
anything that would be normal for a day or day to day person would be good : )
is there anything else i can do for you ?
it could be cheaper than therapy . __unk__ in the short term you might go into depression over time . if you don ' t stop drinking it can only cause temporary health problems .
i hope that ' s been helpful for you . thanks for talking !
i can feel your happiness right now . .
have you found anything that has changed in the past few months ?
well you ' re not too far from me , i live in bayinherited england
one thing i noticed from living in the uk : that most of our people are really awful , and they just try to shut down all ' s bad times .
ah you are very sweet and i hope things get better for you !
i ' ve to press quit before you can do the survey : )
hello - how are you doing today ? are you okay ?
yes i am doing well . how can i help , help you ?
that is not a good feeling , i can understand why your friends would want you to let them down .
do you see the issue in a certain way , so that they can actually fight ?
that must be hard , friends can be very toxic sometimes . . .
but your friends can be sloogic with you i can see why .
it ' s very hard to make any argument . it has happened before .
is there anything else that you can do to help ?
no problem , have a good night !
that ' s good thinking .
you too !
bye
hello how s0b1/ was that great of an email address you were sending me
are you feeling better now ?
can you tell me what has motivated you today ?
i understand . __unk__ i sometimes find that accomplishing small goals is really hard .
i can understand what you mean about you feeling that you are not contributing to the job market .
yes , sometimes people feel that it is not their worth , but it isn ' t .
yes , i totally agree . you can do it . i think that you have every right to feel that way about yourself .
do you have any hobbies that you ' d like to try to get better at , and would love to talk to other people who don ' t have the same problems as you ?
yeah , it definitely is helpful .
yes , i think i will do that .
have a good day !
bye , good bye .
i am great , thank you . did you try to study it ?
what grade are you talking about ?
i am sorry to hear that .
do you have an idea what it will be about ?
you have never actually gotten a bad grade ? that is the hard part about it i think .
have you tried doing papers in a test you think you might enjoy
that ' s tough . have you looked for some help on getting an a in the paper and try to prepare for your grade ?
i think you can do it if you try hard
you are most welcome and you are welcome !
don ' t listen to him .
you are so very welcome !
thank you , enjoy your rest of the week !
merry christmas !
would you be comfortable speaking with me on that ? i am here to help .
that ' s a very long time , unfortunately . how long has it been that you are considering starting to apply for a job in the next few years ?
what sort of job is that ?
so you ' re worried that you might be laid off or want to move around to a new job ? are there other local jobs you ' d like to apply for or ?
i can see that that is tough to get a job with being located so far away . is that why you wanted to begin looking for a better job ?
do you have any contact information in industry that could be of help ? that might give you more options .
if that doesn ' t help then you could always try googling for job sites like linkdin , linkdin nearby , etc . there are several places .
it might . however , i ' d definitely make sure to have options .
take one day at a time to practice yourself , and continue to pursue your job opportunities . have you considered some professional tutor classes ?
perhaps hiring agencies ? perhaps see if you can volunteer at some local unemployment office or get their preered resume updates . there is an online job market that will open on linkedin or indeed .
i think so . it ' s not much of a grass roots issue , and in addition , a job will have a way to stay connected . is there any activities you could want to do in the area you feel like ?
i am sure you will get a job . it sounds like you ' ve made a great effort in your support system to provide the suggestions you need .
are you on the final level right now ? i can tell how stressful this has been for you .
your welcome . i hope you all can get through this !
hi there , so i am worried that things are not going well . what are you d you think might cause you to feel down ?
is there anything i can help you with ?
im sorry to hear that . would you want to go to the approach and tell the manager why ?
do you think you could move on to something else ?
so in this time , you have been perhaps having some ill affects ?
a year is a long time . have you tried something like getting a reward for your work ?
have you tried to tell your peers that in the future you might consider facing upper management like that again ?
what have you done since that time ?
it is your decision whether or not you should take the chance or not to move forward with something that you think would not directly hurt your career . you are always a present and it should be hard to move forward if your manager is speaking about this .
you are very welcome . i wish you all the best with your boss and your manager .
you too !
hi ' s how are you today ? what is on your mind ?
how are you doing ?
are you feeling any better ?
that is difficult for you . do you know why you fear to lose your job ?
i have been a game patter for months and i know what it feels like to lose a job and have to live with it . i also went through a similar situation and i have been going through the same situation for the past few months . i know it can be rough .
have you been trying to talk to any of your friends to help with the fear you are facing at the moment ?
i can understand how you feel . i have been in similar situations where i did not speak with anyone for more than an hour after my manager ' s input , but it always helped . what do you think might be a good place to get in touch with your supervisor about how you are feeling ?
i have been in the same situation at a similar time and i am very worried as well .
perhaps a new hobby could help you move forward with more goals that would help you get through this depression .
have you thought of moving up a some ?
anytime !
my pleasure ! i am having a very hard time typing this but i can take you with me if you need to .
i can tell you that when i was on break from my job , i went on day long walks . i was so exhausted at the time , but i loved it !
you have a great day !
i am in arizona , a very warm state . how are you feeling during this pandemic ?
it sounds like your job is extremely important for you . i am very sorry about that . do you feel i was able to stay a certain way ?
i can understand that you are feeling that way , have you explained your feelings ?
i have had a similar experience in past where i would have felt down if my class was extremely strict on something i had no idea i was taking . if you would like to change that , i can tell you about a personal profile that is going through all of my classes .
i can see how you are worried about what they are doing when you are seen as 1 of 100 people . have you been in contact with these people for any length of time ?
have you tried doing some physical activity in your free time ? i am sure that might help a little .
if you are at a university or any academic community university , maybe this could help your anxiety too .
yeah it helps a lot ! have you tried youtube videos on setting your voice to high bpm ?
i agree it seems that school isn ' t the same . i find it frustrating too because i have to support my classes too . when i have homework it has been the same because i feel that i have to be with my grades and other students who don ' t understand me .
i have actually tried some religious groups in my community . maybe there would be something you could do for an anonymous group or group ?
i am glad that they did that for you !
glad to hear that . i hope that it is something that you have on your mind . do you have any other questions or concerns ?
hi , this is how you could handle your new hobby , mturk . how are you ?
i am okay . my day is okay but i ' m having trouble working things out today . are you struggling with anxiety ?
when i have nightmares i tend to google and try to find it . do you remember what it was ?
that sounds like a very reasonable workaround for your routines . perhaps you could take up a quiet night when you ' re feeling less stressed ? it might make you feel less alert ?
do you have any specific anxiety about meditation ?
i would recommend you taking the medication that has given you the feeling of anxiety in a therapy session . have you thought of seeking help with mental health problems ?
my partner has gone through the same thing and it is very painful and stressful to have to talk to him about it .
i have found that even though having a close friend or family member helps , it can bring some of the same issue over and over to me too .
i ' ve definitely been there in the past . i think it ' s great that you ' re able to have those close friends . sometimes it ' s important to support yourself and the people you care about .
i ' m very glad to hear that ! exercise can definitely help to relieve anxiety and also assist you sleep .
that ' s great that you have some exercise that you like to do , because that ' s definitely great for getting your mind off of things and in a healthy and healthy body .
that sounds like a lot of time working __unk__ and probably being busy too . are you worried that you may lose some time with the pandemic ?
is there anything else i can do for you to relieve your stress ? i know you can do it !
no problem . you can do it ! you are the best friend there is !
you ' re welcome . i wish you the best of luck in your future endeavors .
you are very welcome ! you have made my day . i wish you the best of luck !
thank you ! i am glad i could be of some use to you .
you are so welcome . do you think you will have any other issues ?
hi it ' s a pleasure to talk to you , i hope you have a lovely day
i am okay . thank you for asking . how can i help you ?
it sounds like it is a difficult situation to be in . i am happy that it has been out in the open though ! i know it can be tough for people to do such things .
have you tried going to meet up and just talking about the person you think has lost you ?
trust is always the key to having a fulfilling life , unfortunately you aren ' t doing that as well as you would like right now . it will take time to let go , but i know it will happen soon .
i have been in similar situation myself . it did not take much from me . but i realized a lot of it was from the decisions i made about being with a man that i knew had the same interests as me . it doesn ' t feel right to just move on from a person i know .
okay i can see how it would feel like that .
what is it that ' s making you think of the world but i hear you have two kids to look forward to ?
i totally get that . have you been able to talk to them about it ? have you tried to talk to some close family members or friends ?
that sounds really hard to handle . i think that it is very upsetting and personal to have such sided opinions of people and not be able to discuss what your views are .
hello i wish i could have had your courage to start today ! how may i help you today ?
i ' m sorry to hear that . would you like to tell me more about what seems to be going on ?
that ' s very difficult to do . . do you know anyone in your community or is there a way you can talk to them about this ?
how do you plan on loosing your job if you dont mind my asking ?
yeah , right now , even if you lose your job , i don ' t think you can come anywhere near to that goal , but i think it ' s possible you can get it back somehow
it would be difficult for them not to understand how you feel about that .
yea , i ' ve been trying to find a new job , especially since this pandemic is going to be the start of a new year
it sounds like you have a good plan though , try not to forget what you ' ve got .
do you have any family you can talk to about this ?
are you ready for any jobs you could possibly get for extra money ?
you are welcome . i hope you make money from it !
you as well !
that is good , i am glad i can help you . is there anything slander i can help you with ?
it is very hard . do you have any job ?
thats great you have found a job . i know you will get them one day !
i went to school online and only got a job on the phone and an online program .
i don ' t have a car , i had no insurance after i stopped working .
a lot of those available online right now . you may be surprised . i would definitely keep trying .
i have always found that anxiety has really helped me get through this tough time .
no problem ! i hope things work out for you .
when i think about things like cars , how do you feel about prius ?
sometimes we have to change what we look for .
sure . what is the issue ?
it seems you have placed yourself first . that is a very difficult situation . you should be doing your best .
do you have a hard time getting over it ?
i understand how you are feeling . i have felt that you are used with the family and friends you have now .
i have a feeling that this is a problem that you ' re not entirely aware of . what i would do is set an example for your family , especially if it ' s just for a short mindset .
well , i have found that talking with people who feel the same way as you does to me sometimes help and my problems with friends come from both the anger and the inapplication of the argument .
would you consider trying to do some tests , before talking with them , in a calm setting ?
okay , i can see how the conversation is bothering you though .
that sounds like a great idea . i would definitely get the things in order in order to complete the conflict if you can .
i hope it all ends well and your family is not the problem here . have a good day .
good afternoon walkers good afternoon , how can i help you today ?
how are you doing today ?
how are you
how can i help you today ?
how long have you been in that ?
do you have any friends or family that could give you a chance to talk to them
you don ' t have to change anything but your life because that is still worthy of a conversation
the best thing to do is seek some deeper empathy and maybe be very upset if it really seems to be making you sad and trying to find out what has caused the change .
i would definitely let it take a little while before you can call back and talk to them again . maybe try contacting your doctor to get a medical certificate or similar to get your situation started again .
have you tried talking to the pandemic board and see what they can do to help
you have to look for other jobs right now so don ' t over think it .
you ' re very welcome
you are not alone . you are also not alone and everyone is facing this time at a different point in their lives .
that sounds very difficult and like you say it is the best option .
great .
yeah sometimes letting it get the best of you helps
i also have depression and trying to find a therapist is a good start . .
you are very welcome . i wish you all the best and feel free to reach out anytime you need it . i hope it was helpful .
bye : )
hello correct you are . how are you today ? how may i help you today ?
that is so hard , we need to talk it out for sure . do you have a good idea what is going on ?
i see your struggling with some people .
yes it has been hard for people like me to get out of my comfort zone as it can be very difficult for people to live and work
it is sad for sure but it is only going to get worse .
have you tried writing them a letter telling them you are worried ?
that is really tough , and i ' m glad that you can open up . i find if people who express their concern and the concern are just recognise , they tend to do it more often .
i can understand why that might make you anxious .
it sounds like you are feeling a lot stressed out now and need a outlet to calm you down . can you talk to your boss ?
if that is how they are going to use it , they could be worried that other people could be outside with mask as well . do you have that option in your work ?
i completely agree .
i know that i would not sign up for anything like this with coworkers and all of you
you are so welcome , i am glad i could help . i hope that you are feeling a bit better today .
glad i was able to give you some of my help . i hope that you are feeling better now !
great , i am glad i could help . i hope you have a great day and remember to do your best to write what you feel you can .
i am also struggling to seek some new communication skills .
oh no , that ' s really bad .
i am so sorry to hear that
i think you should speak to your friends and let them know you have no other friends that you can trust . that would give you some relief in some way .
i see that is very stressful and im sure you have been worrying this year
i understand that would make you very anxious as well . so yes i am also looking forward to the long run and also the results . so do you have any plans of moving forward with your family ?
its snowing all day here too . have you tried to take out the kid ? it always seems to help keep me cool .
oh well , take care of yourself and keep busy , my friends and i are always there to help
i think it would be a good idea to be so scared of the unknown .
i have not had to deal with much covid , i was really worried , but it didnt take long after seeing the radiation after a 3rd try . after a second it is really just temporary and the first few months are better . it took a while though .
you as well and you stay safe
you deserve better than that
so you see him online , but you aren ' t sure when he is online ?
it is very sad , but you have to figure out what is the next step .
i can understand how you feel it was the wrong thing to see that
when i have had any relationship fail , i wouldn ' t rush and let it happen even if it meant losing my love or something very horrible .
how long have you been friends with him ?
it can sometimes be best to just give it some time , before you know it , you might be left feeling sad and stuff .
if you think hard of it , it will work . make him see you don ' t want him so you can come back .
it may help to talk to someone you are close to , maybe a counselor .
have you heard of video chatting ?
take your mind of it . take good care of yourself . take care of your family . take care of your friends . if you make them happy , keep the family happy . keep working hard on yourself .
i would only contact him if he calls you back and that is it .
take something to look forward to and talk about it !
have a nice day !
i lost my husband . so many messages i made about things that i would have wanted to be more happy with , but , it turned out to be my life .
hello , u / deadline - checking - me " , how are you ?
what has happened to make you angry ?
what would you like to discuss when you hear that ?
i ' m so sorry to hear that . have you spoken with her about it ?
would you like to continue talking ?
correct , that is the best choice
well you could still try to talk to her .
its ok to be upset . do you want to talk what will happen if you just focus on the issue ?
that would be one of my fears too . it might be better if you talk it out with her in a neutral way though . i wouldn ' t let that affect your self esteem in that way .
thats a great idea !
well , you just need to move on . just being honest is all that ' s really needed and i think you are a better person to do it now , it ' s not an all or nothing situation so you are not taking everything too personally .
if you would like i can help you with anything else if youd like .
well , well done ! have a great night !
yes of course !
hello : hello , how may i help you today ?
i am so sorry to hear that . i know it can be hard to make friends sometimes , especially if you have a lot going on at the moment .
ok well would you like to be my support ?
do you think that you would be surprised that a lot of people are open about drug use ?
how are you trying to cope with the new feelings of lost joy ?
i understand being alone is rough for a lot of people . i don ' t think it would make you feel any better , i know it might not seem that way . it definitely helped me .
maybe if you go to social media or social practice groups to connect with other drinking ahoy person its a more positive way to get to know each other .
i would start looking into freelance work . it takes time but you ' ll be glad to get a break and find some fresh insight into your family .
well , the question that worries me about this is that you already take a course that can support you . are you doing any online schooling ?
try finding groups that you can talk to even if it has a not a job nature . it helps to have some support groups .
well , i do think the wait is a bit silly .
can you stay with your fiance ?
that is very good news , i am so glad you are at this together . i can ' t wait for my upcoming year so i can have a supportive relationship with my future spouse .
its important to talk to your fiancé about how you are feeling .
well hopefully you are in the best mood to talk
you are welcome !
hi 9 now , hello . how can i help you today ?
whats the news about
you are having a hard time getting your chances with the promotion .
i understand it can be hard to not want to do the right thing but have you spoken to your supervisor about how you are feeling about it and tell them what you have going on ?
yes its hard but you are certainly in control of your own situation and are not as immoral as others .
just try your best to communicate how you feel to the others and let them know you are very upset
i understand . i have been in that situation too . but sometimes it helps to just accept it and take it one step at a time .
oh it is very worrying .
it could be something temporary or they could leave it at that
you can take some time to take it slow so it will be ok .
also you have your life ahead of you so if you see another person look like you you can stop by and talk to them
sure it may not help much but it can help .
it is always good to talk to others about your situations . i suggest that you try to talk to others about your situation to get some closure about your situation .
it also depends on the company . i worked for a company that was pretty re__unk__ customer friendly .
and have you considered discussing to your manager ?
you too !
how are you doing ? is , i have no idea what your on about . how are you ?
oh i ' m so sorry to hear that . when did it come up ?
what has happened on your birthday that is making you feel that way ?
it sounds like your anger is from something similar to the old age of would you consider today , maybe something you have missed before .
i don ' t like __unk__ milestone" birthdays as well . . . . i only tend to like thirty and fifty , no ?
have you had a talk with your doctor about it ? have you tried any counselling ? i found it very helpful .
you have a lot of skills that i ' m more than capable of using today .
i had no idea that bipolar depression is only common in the children .
can you tell me what the problem is , is it having you care about your mental health ?
have you thought about maybe just reaching out and asking for help ?
yes , it ' s just the bereavement of what happened that makes it stick . how did you manage to come out of it ?
oh , i see . i can understand that . what was the experience like for you ? how do you find other people in the same situation ?
glad i could help ! i ' m sure you ' re feeling better and sound like a really nice person .
i am not sure of that ! i do know that there are more __unk__ fromcounselling groups for free that can help you find a better job .
do you mean your career change isn ' t training for you , but your hobbies are ?
i hope you can find some other help online than that .
well , that is always an opportunity for our veterans to earn some good praise . thanks for talking and have a great day .
alright !
okay . i will be sure to finish it for you .
hello how are you today ?
how do you find that honest of a lie ?
if you tell someone you love and they pass it on , it ' s your friend ' s loss . but it is your friend ' s loss and it must feel terrible . do you have any past when this happened ?
oh wow ! i understand that you are not happy with your friend either . but it sounds like you have a clear perspective . do you know what it would be ?
it sounds like he was being a good friend and betrayed you . did you have any other friends you can trust that you could trust to take on the same burden as you would have you if he was honest with you ?
i think this is very hard to process . are you hurt about what he did ? did you just have a conversation with your friend about the lie ?
that is not a good thing . you are responsible for finding time to pursue your self and those in needs .
do you have a friend who has acted in similar ways ?
have you tried to quit the job ?
you should go to hr if you can . this situation is difficult , and it doesn ' t sound like you ' ve done the right thing . you should know that these kinds of issues come with an uncomfortable situation .
i ' ve been in that position , and i ' ve been accommodating . i don ' t think it ' s worth fighting for a single coworker or even for one day , not even having you hear that phrase before being uncomfortable with a workplace .
i ' m happy i could help . for my co__unk__ worker , i ' d suggest opening a new linkdin account . you ' ve already made friends , and these jobs give you plenty of more opportunities .
that is a great idea . maybe something like that would help you each week and make you more grateful for her while still having you to help her find her motivation and support .
that ' s great , and you ' re done .
it sounds like he ' s very in on the tutors and management plan , with the right mindset .
i think that with some knowing how you are handling this , it ' s good that you ' re knowing that things might work out somehow . it sounds like you ' re already taking the leap to say goodbye to your co__unk__ worker and her problems .
of course ! it is best to accept what is right for you .
you too ! you have a good day !
it ' s common to feel sad when you ' re sad and angry but when it ' s clear something wrong with yourself it ' s better to try to be hopeful in your own right .
i had a very close friend that was in similar situations that i knew i felt lost . she then came to an argument with me where i got so upset that i stopped making it to the dinner and just did a lap lap for her and her friends .
is this one of those moments when she ' s unable to take care of herself ?
i had similar feelings with my mom . i had no choice in that relationship . i think it is totally normal to have your emotions in conflict with your mom . do you think that this is why you feel so isolated in your mother ' s memories ?
she is your real woman . you should have a voice in her head .
i do have a similar situation with my mom and it did not make any difference . i was shown that some types of what is best for me was not good and that everyone can have their own life and views .
sometimes it is better to ask for counselling first .
i know it is hard to understand what is going on right now but i think it will be okay .
your mom needs to talk to you about that . it is so difficult to talk with people that you don ' t know . i ' m sorry that you feel this way .
that is great ! you do not have to feel angry . just calm yourself down !
yes . then you could begin to explain your feelings and that your friends did not mean to make your friends uncomfortable . maybe give her something she doesn ' t want , so she is not too afraid to ask your side of the story .
your welcome and take care .
hello , i ' m great sbeas : ) how are you ?
oh i understand , your job and the ongoing change are making you feel that you don ' t really have a job . that doesn ' t sound very fair . are you feeling as though you have to change your job this year ?
i understand . . do you have a job you are good with ? what sort of hobbies do you enjoy ?
true , nobody is in limbo . i do think it is frustrating to have to deal with those people though . it ' s important to see a therapist for your own safety and to help yourself in other jobs !
at least it has learned to be frustrating , isn ' t it ? perhaps it ' s time to take a break and get back to the hobbies you enjoy .
i think it ' s great that you ' re there to help , but you ' d have to make a good relationship with them . it ' s definitely not for free , but you can only do what you need .
that would be a great idea . people complain about poor taste in medical care as well - maybe you could focus on more care you are personally engaging in .
i think you can find some other way to make more money . it will help with your financial situation . perhaps you could do hour at a time in between sessions .
yes i think that will be great and hopefully improve your self__unk__ esteem and maybe your mind will change also .
maybe for a __unk__ 4 therapist session , you could get a __unk__ 3 . lol . now __unk__ i __unk__ feel that this entire week has been pretty stressful to . __unk__ 2 ! and i can tell that you ' re very tough .
i love going to the park or the park with friends .
well - just take it one day at a time and don ' t fear it won ' t . i have a feeling it will go either way , or both .
i ' ve felt that the harm you feel is not worth the suffering you might have to go through . i completely understand the hate people get for your job . it isn ' t the best job in the world but it sure is something to be proud of .
good to know : )
what is it that is bothering you ?
is there anything you would like to discuss with me today ? i would really appreciate it .
are there people that you could talk to in person about this ? maybe a counsellor or a professional that you can work with to get you to medication ?
and just take a precautionary , like they say , and relax the feelings a little and face the problem at a time , try to deprelecture . sometimes we take things too far , but that only works if you tell yourself it wont .
you may know a little bit more but crying is understandable and just trying to help keep yourself in a better position and make it through may cause a situation .
you will have other information about your crying , my therapist has done that in the past so this will be a very good time to talk with you .
you have to weigh the options you have to take that are better for you , and it seems like there might be a better one available .
sometimes its best to have someone to talk to , if i had to do it again after one situation and it is another you will feel good to know that you are getting help and that you may not feel guilty about the medication or that they will not recommend you to use it if you are not feeling
well thats good to hear , thank you for chatting
but he cant do anything about it . is there something you need help with ?
why not , did you guys communicate .
maybe they will understand and just go on to do something more fun with their lives . that is great they had an understanding father .
yes just be yourself and let them get past their dad . its their dad . you are going through this alone .
yes i don ' t want you to forget about that . you do you ! i think we can take one day at a time !
yeah no problem , you can end the chat .
i am a man , too . you will be an accomplished parent one day . you are a very important one . and having your own house is a big deal . it is a fresh start for everybody .
well , i just have to trust that you can do it ! take care of your kids first .
ll : ok well , it sounds like your be fun to watch !
that ' s not a very good thing to be doing , is there anything specific you ' re feeling that has making you feel that way * recently ?
i understand . . she has taken all of your part , but how can she turn you down ?
ah i am so sorry that your current supervisor has so many hard on for you !
i totally understand that - it is a big job to do and that it takes a lot of courage and low management courage to do this !
i don ' t think you should go too long but just make sure to be honest with your boss and get a good deal on something
i ' m so sorry you have been through that and hope that you are able to solve the problem !
it ' s okay to see that you are doing well on the job , it is really a good feeling to be appreciated . have you done your work personally to show her off ?
what would you consider a productive discussion between your coworkers to discuss
i have been in that position once but it is not the same . i can see how it would be stressful to go and do not do the job that you should . you are worth more than that .
if there is nothing you can do about it i am sure that you will find a good solution . you sound like a good worker and your experience is something positive .
of course : ) best of luck and hopefully the friendship can be nonsensical .
i ' m sorry to hear that . tell me more about it exaporpn please .
i am sure it is difficult , i can tell . but please don ' t fear for public speaking . it can be done safely .
no i haven ' t . i don ' t have anyone to do that for me right now . i do not feel that i have my character in a public speaking class . does that sound possible ?
i ' m in communication history . the class can be really hard to do , so i understand how frustrating it can be .
it sounds like you are great at this
well you can try and find out what you can do to complete the assignment . i think that you should do just that . have you tried online work for different subjects or with virtual virtual it ers ? i am sure that you will enjoy it .
well there you go ! i think the first step would be getting on some pre__unk__ recorded lectures then practicing , getting some advise and speaking about your feelings and your feelings on public speaking .
do you have a course you are studying to be in psychology ? maybe a class or take it in a class that you have experience in ?
in person is a terrible environment to be in , especially during the holiday season where it is much more stressful . and yes i understand that everyone loves their own god and some also are going through this as well .
i am sure you have had a good time
yes it seems to be the only positive and only positive thing you can really say about it .
it can be really hard to get off medication , that would be a hard one !
i feel your pain , i went through a lot and it helped my motivation to make a positive impact
i understand that for sure . i have a horrible anxiety over public speaking so it was my experience and my world . i also like to talk and if i have something that my clients think i want to talk about with me and i just don ' t have time i do it myself .
are you afraid of any scary that comes from public speaking ?
thanks i appreciate that and you as well
no problem , what is it that i can do for you today ?
hello , how sats on the yapp tonight ?
i ' m well ! what seems to be on your mind ?
you know it ' s tough , right ? i ' ve been there as well . the good part is we can say it ' s over . but we can ' t change this outcome , because that just brings us back to our family members who die .
i hear you on that . i have noticed that sometimes being critical makes for a better relationship which is key .
well that does sound like a positive thing , i can ' t imagine being able to make such things more easy for her . you have to be ready for that kind of 100% .
that ' s very difficult . that makes things hard for you , given the distance you ' re apart , and i understand how that is making you more isolated from your aunt and your supportive aunt .
i think the second one is definitely the one i would take first . if she ' s being honest with you , it seems like it ' s possible she hasn ' t realized it yet , yet this is what it is .
in the short term do you think you might be able to play it off as very few kids were meant to be with you , maybe with some time together she ' ll realize what she ' s doing could make it more obviously violent . .
did you give her a chance to get some distance with you for a while ? or has she been so isolated ?
if she thinks she has other issues then i bet she would be willing to talk with you and your cousin about this as well .
it would be a good start . would you consider this situation with your other cousin ?
you ' re very welcome . it was nice talking to you .
i hope you have a wonderful holidays !
bye .
hi ! good how are you , what can i help you with ?
what has made you so depressed ?
when did you start feeling depressed ?
my cousin plays a card game where they play it with his kids and neither one of them is good at it . it seems like it takes quite the dia and a couple of minutes to play in person .
one thing i like to do to get ahead in life is to listen to the news as well . i just found that talking to my friends and family about all the politics that we are dealing with .
sounds like a good thing to have as well . do you have any hobbies that can give you a break from all of this , or would you prefer a longer work life balance ?
there are a few other things i enjoy when i feel like i have nothing to do . on the second note , when you have more energy for work , what you don ' t normally do when the work load is all moderate ? or when you exercise ?
i found it hard to get away from my work as well , especially if i have no more work or homework . the last thing i needed was a distraction .
what would your thoughts be on exercise and drinking ?
that is an excellent timing , i hope it does .
i have actually been there before and it was nice . they have lots of crunks in fall and winter too . but it is soooo nice this time of year and all weather .
you are very welcome . i hope you have a great time !
that sounds really tough . is he having any unresolved issues that make him unhealthy ?
we will all try to stay involved .
i can totally relate to this . i am a poor person with bi__unk__ polar disorder and the feeling of isolation is really hard .
is there anyone close you or someone you can talk to that can be of a mutual help to your friend ?
have you tried to speak to a close friend who is also a sociopath , have you ever tried to talk to a close friend about his behaviour ?
how is he trying to stay away from you ? you are an important person in his life and that is what you need .
wow that sounds like a great plan to get to know your friend and see what is going on . i think that it might help to stay calm about this and sometimes just talk it out with him and see what is going on .
have you spoken to the dr or have you considered seeing a physical doctor about it ? sometimes there is a combination of the two in peoples lives .
is there any possibility of speaking with him in a private setting . maybe just a conversation on his way out ?
have you heard of giving meditation ? i find it relaxing and doing that and it definitely helps calm my feelings .
is there a therapist that you are able to talk to ? maybe you could have his counsellor and another therapist help your situation with this . it might be easier to explain it to him if you know you are not a very good first person in the long run .
it must be so hard to be alone , especially as this is the most common way of friendship in this time frame .
of course , i would be happy to help . what do you think you ' d like to do to be better for you ?
i hope that it was a little help . i know things are going to be difficult . i have learned a lot from experience .
you are very welcome ! i hope you have a lovely new year . good luck .
__unk__
hello there , i ' m here , how are you doing snotly ?
i ' m okay ! it ' s a beautiful day and the sun is still snowed . what ' s been wrong ?
what are you currently having a problem with ?
do you mind if i ask why you are feeling blue ?
i suppose you are right . i hate the fresh leaves though . they make me more miserable . maybe that is just me . are you honest with me ?
i think that is something to get you motivated . maybe you can meditate to help you get your way and hope that you have something in your life that you enjoy .
yeah i can tell from your tone that you really have a lot going on . is there something else you want to talk about ?
it sounds like you are doing a good job of setting goals and strategies for your daily life . i ' d encourage you to try any of the other exercises that you can think of . i think that a good start would be anything else you could think of ?
a quick walk , a good little drive . . .
ah that is a good use of your time . i have never done that but it is good you try it .
that ' s great that you have that for such a long walk !
i get it , unfortunately .
i don ' t see my friends all the time so that is why i do that .
thanks . it was nice talking to you too .
how can i help , what can i help you with today ?
i am doing good thanks for asking
what is going on , you feel that things just pile up and not you ' re able to do anything about it ?
i understand that feeling . i was in the same situation when my spouse got into a divorce . it takes a special kind of person to do it for you , right ?
don ' t let the pressure get to you . ultimately you are taking the right steps to provide for yourself .
so you were planning to take your two kids out to enjoy a time to yourself ?
how old are your kids ?
do you have a different situation in mind ? or is that one specific instance of guilt you are more at home ?
they are family . you could always go visit a therapist and get that free time . __unk__ then have a talk with them about your dilemma and your stress . they can probably think of you as a better person than they have ever been .
hello his name is / u / whynotmime
i am sorry to hear that . tell me a bit about it ?
what did you miss ?
so you would feel good to take this relationship back to you but it was you that left and not him .
it ' s really a terrible time to end things
that is a sad feeling that i can feel and i do have happy things too
you will feel better
try some new fun things you can learn and try to do that .
take it one day at a time , remember what happened once a new man came around
when your happy its the time for your self to create your own future
just 2 years
remember those things that made you happy and try to forget your ex
thanks for letting me know how you are feeling
do not think of him just try doing that like yoga it will help you
try those thing that make you feel better
yes do that i ' m also very happy that this pandemic is over
maybe you should get one
hope you can find virtual activity
when you watch comedy movies make you happy and meet new people
try to hit the stay button and take the survey and take a survey
we need to always stay safe and try to see at least one at home
i can see your good movie and i hope you feel better
no problem keep going
if you still can you press quit from your end
don ' t cry
okay good
bye and good luck to you
no problem
goodbye
hello !
so you are feeling this way as well ? losing a loved one can be devastating !
i totally get that you feel lonely and want to be more active in your life , especially with the virus .
i think it might be best to get a puppy after seeing all of the terrible things happening with corona . do you have any pets you can spend time with ?
that ' s a great idea for two pets !
she ' s an pug __unk__ look how small she is ! i really like that they have mr . right to this .
a puppy will be an excellent companion as well . give it a few minutes to listen to a song .
i am glad that you have that option . have you considered doing a dog walk with other dogs ? there is a dog park that you could go to in a park , get exercise , and maybe a park .
that sounds like a great idea ! i ' m sure you ' ll do great at your job . i have a best friend that ' s getting the covid treatment and it is a life saver for her and her kids .
your puppy sounds like a perfect fit ! dogs are so playful .
i ' m glad i could help ! i wish you the very best and you may be able to take a little more time for yourself ! have a wonderful day !
you as well ! goodbye !
i am sorry to hear that . why do you feel that way ?
i see , that ' s so sad . how long have you been friends with this person ?
i can completely understand that , i have too . in the past i have had a lot of depression when i was in a similar situation . perhaps you could try to encourage her ?
sounds like you can find the answers you need
i am so sorry to hear that . that must be a burden for her . it must have been very traumatic for her to have to move out of a headgood she didn ' t mean to .
and a nose blow ? you have to be pretty darn good at it ! you sound like a real spa day achiever , i wouldn ' t cheat on your gf like that .
if you ' re like this and want the reaction that you deserve , that is just that . __unk__ that ' s all .
hmm .
i understand . it takes an amazing person to hit that ; i feel it would make a great companion if i had the one . perhaps i have just meant in this very moment .
so it sounds like she is taking you for granted , not your worth ?
is it your fault ?
i am sure she would ' ve recognized it if you did not laugh
that ' s really just he talk thing .
it may have just come naturally . maybe you were just tro__unk__ sided . it doesn ' t have to come naturally .
i was having a stroke
take care , i wish you a nice day .
good job , how are you ?
is this your first season playing ?
i ' m so sorry ' d you see her .
i am so sorry to hear that , it must be difficult . is this a recent break up or something you had just been sited ?
the only thing i can do is not give up because you are feeling so angry and demeaning and feel sad .
have you spoken to your girlfriend about how you feel ? is she still there ?
would you say that your girlfriend was being over valued and you were looking for a better way to have this time together ?
you could try doing some volunteering to relax after a break up . you will have a small chance to decompress if it will be easy to do now . it helps to know that you can take pictures and take some virtual dates in a safe place to do that .
did you discuss the feelings you had after the breakup with her ?
sometimes we make mistakes , we come from a time of doubt , we must leave the situation open and let our emotions explore the other person ' s feelings . i try not to say too much is not good , but focus on yourself .
maybe you can take some of your time out for a week in the holidays to also find some good hikes in the home country .
i ' m sure it will ! i know it ' s so hard at the moment , but we have to figure out how to move on from it . we just have to get through this to a healthy , free day !
you ' re welcome . goodbye .
can you tell me what you are having these anxiety about ?
my goodness . i can feel your anxiety and disappointment . i am sorry you are going through the same . have you been considering relocating your resume ?
yes that is very stressful indeed . it is really a tough time in our life especially for you .
do you think it is time for you to speak with your manager about what you are feeling ?
do you have any family you can support ? it ' s not the same to have only your wife be unemployed .
yes , i hear you . in many cases , it can feel like everyone ' s talking about something totally different .
i have found some great exercises to relearn my thoughts . i try to give myself an hour and fifteen minutes to really start my week .
when you ' re breathing , as the breathing is done normally , it will calm your mind and cause you to try and breath again .
yes , i have tried it . in fact , i could actually sew all of the pressure you ' re taking on from your breath . it is probably easier to do , but there ' s also less pressure on your blood .
i hope it all works out for you !
i hope you have a great day !
anytime !
hi there , how are you doing __unk__ d ?
i can understand . i used to have a similar experience with friends too .
i wonder how you are being treated at the moment if it is just __unk__ hi how are you
so you feel that they are holding you back because of covid ?
it ' s quite sad that such people are listening to you about covid and are not reaching out to you as you are doing . would you be a honest friend and support to them when they make you consider their options ?
have you tried trying to decide where you stand a chance ? you could talk with them about it , and have a conversation with them to see if you really do need to do this to stay in contact and you can do whatever you want .
that seems really tough . have you considered other activities you could do as a means of getting along with these people who you are close to or just outside of your group ?
that ' s great that you have that in your life . it sounds like you can be supportive of other people and other people you are close to in some ways .
there are lots of online support groups and online games where people play professional hockey , hopefully something has helped with that !
i have had a lot of luck with some local people who like to go to a club that has a ski and field board . i also used to play soccer . i did sound like a different person when i met a friend during the winter , but you could still meet a lot of people there !
of course i am glad i could help you and i wish you all the best !
it was nice to be done and have some cool conversation . i ' m glad i could help .
merry christmas to you too !
enjoy the rest of your day .
how can i help you ? how can i help you today ?
what would you like to talk about ?
i ' m sorry to hear that . i ' m sure your mental health is suffering right now . have you seen anyone at all who could be having this problem ?
have you tried speaking with someone about the reasons you were depressed , specifically covid ? or was this something you have been trying to do for years , so you don ' t mind opening up ?
you said that you were raped at teen age . have you spoken to anyone about this lately ?
what would you think is making you feel stuck ?
don ' t worry . you definitely will eventually move on and i think the changes in your relationship will make you realize how important you are to yourself . i believe there is a lot of great relationships out there , it ' s just be hard to maintain any sort of friendship .
i can definitely understand that . there are many support groups that might be helpful . are you looking for one ?
if he does not want to empathy for your past , it is most likely the best thing to do for you to move on and move on without him or any other problem .
it doesn ' t sound like you have a good relationship to be honest with your partner .
you are very welcome . you ' ve got this !
how are you doing today ?
what do you mean by you cannot afford not to be present ?
how do you relate to them ? are you worried that they are dealing with that or is it your career ?
how does virtual learning interact with your son ? how does it interact with other kids ?
i would suggest considering spending time taking time to think about your own personal problems . after a few meetings and talking to each other , that might help you tackle these feelings of hopelessness and learning .
it sounds like you are a hard worker , a great try at it .
i wish you all the best with everything else that you can do for yourself .
do you feel you have time to take your new training courses ?
hi - how may i be of service to you ?
how so ? i ' m so sorry to hear that . what are you feeling emotional - grief over ?
what has got you so upset ?
have you tried looking for job sites to take advantage of your job hunting skills ? you are not likely to find a job anywhere without employment , so perhaps you could find a job there to encourage you ?
do you have a facebook page that you can submit applications to ? there are lots of them in place !
have you been doing any social speaking activities ? you can also talk to people who are close to you through video chatting and call with them . that can help a lot !
so you are in the process of moving home because people aren ' t going to call you and make you feel you are in an uncertain spot ?
i understand ! the only way that people can get fresh from nothing right now is through covid . they have to find some new opportunities to use !
yeah . i know it can be really hard to not do these things but i used to think the same way . and here you are , with all of these opportunities and also a job , i know you have a lot of options . you have good self esteem and very good goals !
are there any covid videos out there you ' d like to talk to someone about ? perhaps you could learn from other people and look into a vm connection that way .
is there a way you can connect with some of your neighbors on mturk to make some extra cash ?
i have always had a hard time with it too . i hope it does not keep me from seeking further help . do you have any way of communicating to the landlord in a positive way ?
you are most welcome , i am glad i was able to share that with you . you are never alone and it sounds like this is getting worse over time . i know this is tough but we have to keep push on .
a very good attitude . i know it ' s not easy to find work , but we are doing the right things .
bye !
i know it can be a stre- ating time but i believe you can get through this .
that must be so overwhelming to not sleep at all . did this happened at one time or another ?
i do know it is tough at night . i have been at my own level of insecurity with sleep and even went to a counsellor and they sided with me and it really helped me !
i can understand how you feel . i have suffered from depression and have found having sleep issues can sometimes be a positive side of it .
you don ' t need to be ashamed about that . you can have a talk to your doctor or mental health professional and they can give you resources for your problem .
the dog was very glad that you were open about this and tried to be positive and support . have you considered trying to talk to someone about your problems ?
i like to take on many pets on a daily basis . i could see that being an effective exercise for you .
in my opinion , it is great that you are feeling a little better now , it would be good to move away and just have fun .
i think it is great that you are a petcare lady , you will do just fine .
i understand that sleeping can be a problem . do you have any physical therapy for calming you down ?
i sleep well , that is something a good friend would like to see . i always wanted a fish but the cats do not want the sun .
would you be able to have a temporary break from the hobbies ?
do you have any other concerns or concerns about your life ?
i hope that there is no harm in this . the world needs people that are willing to listen .
i hope this helps you sleep better . i know this may feel traumatic for you .
i ' m sorry to hear that . i ' ve suffered from depression for many years , it is very tough out there . is there anything that is keeping you from going down ?
so i am guessing you are currently in unemployment then ?
some of those mood swings were likely due to me losing my job or losing a dream job . i just have to remember that some things we can do to make this work , you know ? i think it ' s great you are at home making progress . i know what you ' re going through .
it can be difficult for sure ! i know the feeling of hopelessness is normal . however , i know that it is the way things have to be for the foreseeable future and we as a group have to pick what is right for us .
you have many suggestions here too ! can you give a good list of things you have planned this year ? i could use a study i have done on any subject of mine as well as a list of things you have planned for the next month to do for the new year .
online support groups can sometimes help you with going on board with solutions , the first step would just be an interview : )
what sort of thing do you do to stay active ?
it took a little while but i believe it ' s mainly based on mental health . i don ' t know if it would be for you . maybe you could do online activities as well like that .
aw , that ' s so sweet !
what is it that you are going to have your cats do for you ?
that sounds wonderful ! you won ' t be stressed a bit as that can get you in the way of your family and friends . i am sure they ' d enjoy that .
how have you been feeling today ?
you could always become one of those vegan citizen !
and perhaps we can chat __unk__ d too __unk__ d at work )
you are most welcome : ) i wish you the best of luck and best wishes !
i am well , thank you . is there anything you want to talk about ?
what would you like to talk about ?
i can understand that your situation is hard to adjust to as well .
you are fighting over your husband now
have you try other things that make you feel this way ?
have you spoken to him about it yet ?
i would be so upset too . that seems like a very difficult situation to see him in . i know that would be hard . do you think you have some sort of mediation ?
they will understand maybe . you also know your child and thier surroundings so just by opening up with them you might open up to them more .
yes that is good for them
sometimes thats a sign of temper problems and trying to control him is a horrible strategy
i think you should do that as much as you can . having a job right now is great because you have a job that you need to worry about .
just try not to let the words that you dont want change the situation . you should be very happy to have him in your life . you know you can do this and that is something to be proud of .
i think you should just give him the time he needs to calm down and face the challenges . then go do something .
have you tried talking to him yet ?
ok
please come talk again and take your kids .
i ' m sorry to hear that . can i tell you why you ' re feeling / feeling bad ?
are you feeling kind of depressed or is it more going on during the day ?
i am so sorry to hear that you are feeling run down . have you tried to get outside ?
it sounds to me like you are feeling trapped and things are not making sense
have you thought about seeking help from a professional , maybe contact your family . have they ever taken a look at your health and helped you find things that helped ?
it must be hard for you to have that worry when you are in a great place
i have been there and have done it with others . the only thing i can think of is try to think of something fun to do in your time that you can enjoy doing when you are feeling good .
is your job only being cared for because you ' re stressed about work or is it because of covid and lack of money ?
i am so sorry that i have had to hear that you are not qualified for the job .
ask your local mturk department and see if they have any jobs you could look for
think about it from the other side and see what is on your mind .
yeah i understand that it can be difficult when we have so much debt .
yeah hopefully things will get better with time i think .
i think you have learned a lot and to know you will get through this and i am sure that you will be okay
you can do it , keep your head down and know that you are a bright spot and it is just a matter of how you prepare
if you are having a tough time you should call your academic counsellor or an loans pandemic line
i think you ' re trying very hard to be positive and that ' s a great sign . you definitely will not feel as anxious about this as you think !
you ' re very welcome .
no problem and glad i could be of some help
thanks and you are very welcome
i think i ' m going to bed soon but goodnight : )
hi there , sek__unk__ tahime had been on a really good trip , correct me if i am wrong .
i have been in this position before and i can tell you are not alone . i have felt so sad in the past too . i have also gone through the same thing meritocrac__unk__ thing myself .
can you tell me more about what you saw before this happened ?
it would be amazing if he cheated . i have been there and have seen how broken up you are . i feel for you and i know it must be really hard to do that to someone you care for .
that is a horrible thing to do . it was on your mind and knew it wasn ' t the right time to tell you he was going to break up .
i am sure it didn ' t have to do with him being an impossible guy .
just stay busy getting the things you wanted to do to get the life you deserve right now .
how did you get to where you are today ?
i can understand what you are feeling . that is a lot to go through in a year .
it seems like it would be hard for him to know what he did but maybe it just could not be a mystery . i am really sorry that he did that to you .
i know he has feelings but does not really give a damn about you . he is obviously not worth it .
you did give a chance to talk to him and i really believe that you are the right person for him . i can ' t let it go if you have the chance to talk to me .
i had a similar experience with therapy after a cheating boyfriend cheating on me . it took me some time , but it worked !
that sounds so awful . did he at least offer you something ?
how would you do that ? if it ' s that difficult to do ?
you know what ' s even worse ? if you send him an email and ask him if he would want to come back , he doesn ' t respond . so he ends up talking again .
it sounds like you ' re going through a lot of emotions right now .
and thank you for sharing with me today . do you have anyone to talk to today ?
that ' s a great attitude to have ! ! !
hi / r / conspiracy is that okay ?
i understand you ' re stressed out and i understand that too . what makes you feel stressed ?
i understand how that can be a challenge for you , the same can be said for you . do you feel like there is a path forward for you to progress , that may be temporary or perhaps in future something in a later date may do to help you .
well it sounds like you have put the work and money aside to build up for it , you also feel that it is time to take care of your own and your family .
have you considered seeking additional help to manage your anxiety by not letting any emotions and activities outside of the task handle the task ?
sometimes , if i are stressed , i just talk about it . if i want to find things that i think can be frusterating , i write it down on an exactllynect__unk__ paper for that . it does help to take pride in the task .
i would see if you could choose one reward that is somewhere you wouldn ' t normally consider , and check it off as soon as you are done with other tasks . i understand it ' s important to have goals for yourself and continue to have goals and goals .
do you have any other things in your life that you really enjoy doing ?
just keep on wanting things . even if it is a last resort and you are incredibly exhausted , find time to spare for yourself . that way you feel happy , your brain starts getting a little out of you . it will be a good tool in the long run .
i hope you ' ll be happy and even better !
is there anything else you would like to talk about ?
i am great , how about you ?
i can understand that . i am an introvert and i ' ve been feeling the same way .
i have .
it is good you have that opportunity to do some work from home .
yeah it definitely does .
it ' s very tough .
you ' re so sweet . i think i have to show my emotions a little to a gym again .
running is a great way to keep the body fresh .
i think it is important that you can speak to your friends about the changing change and be with them and if that is what the work wants you to do it would help to keep in touch with them over the phone and video chat
that sounds really great __unk__ having a good sense of interaction with people makes you feel at least a little bit more connected
sometimes family members can support you through many tough times
i have found that social media really adds a lot to the personal and physical spaces . so you have a lot to work on in your life . i bet it will take some time though .
it sounds like you really do feel overwhelmed about the activities that you are doing with your kids and it seems like you are having an anxious reaction to it , is that right ?
what is your dog ' s name ?
of course i am glad i could help you today .
you ' re so very welcome . thank you for chatting and i ' m glad i could be of help .
i am well . how can i help you today ?
good ! i could also give you an attitude . i wish you good luck .
what ' s going on with your life ?
have you gone to the gym , have a routine that makes you feel that way ?
do you have a specific problem you feel is a concern of yours ? what do you think would be your first steps in that field ?
how do you like working at your job ?
it was well spoken and well put . have a good night !
well i have two students . i had to cut back on my time because i work all the time . that will also give me time to focus on my work . that ' s very positive motivation you are there for me .
oh , you are most welcome . have a great day .
you too , you too !
that sounds very difficult . what can you do for comfort , or do you have any hobbies ?
i see . is there any other help you could find that would help you out in the situation you are in right now ?
you should be able to . your line manager probably isn ' t understanding . your line manager needs to talk to you and then you can talk to the line manager .
it may be a case of ) being occupied with the work that you do , and going way back to work later . ) and x amount of work each week that you do for the work that you work and so on .
do you have a fellow worker that you can talk to ?
maybe you can look for that too !
no , it sounds like you have talked with them well . in that sense , you ' re not complaining . you ' re telling the truth . i wonder if you might find them really snotty about the situation though ?
at least it has worked for your co__unk__ workers to try and get the co__unk__ workers to push back . i hope it did for you .
as you can see , i know how hard it is to stay positive . it ' s very important to stay positive .
have you tried going to any fan bar like a bar door and not getting too up or down and talking to your friend about it ?
maybe that ' s what you need to do . they have been true fans of you for so long that they want you to change .
it sounds like you really need some time and each day to take your mind off of things .
that ' s great . and you have to be consistent . people need to remember that .
if you don ' t know what to do , it won ' t matter . i ' m sure that you do it for the right reasons .
that sounds like a great strategy ! i wish i could be some therapist for people in this kind of situation .
i ' m doing well . i ' m having a great day . what about you ?
that is really bad . . so i am hearing you are having problems with these people making fun of your appearance ?
maybe you can take a look at a working hood ? people like those are not likely to hurt you .
what kinds of problems are you having ? there are a lot of different things we can change . it is ok to change your clothes and how you look .
have you thought about getting a prettiness specialist ?
of course you don ' t . but it is probably good you do not have to be . have you thought of asking someone you love about it ?
i know that you can do it . you seem really positive and confident . i think that you have a lot going on with your appearance and you should definitely put on your effort to be nice .
you could buy a good quality homemade bling and a soler , that will help you find the right look .
i used to believe in myself when i thought i was overweight . i stopped and went to the gym everyday to exercise . eventually i was allowed to laugh at myself and i noticed that i looked like someone not wearing a mask .
best wishes are all those you are going to have in the future .
you as well : )
you too : )
i hear you , that ' s hard to not be friends , i myself no longer talk to my best friend either . what there ' s nothing we can do about it , really .
when did you go to the fight ?
i can imagine how sad and angry it would make for you to end things , especially because of all this fighting you ' re having with your friend . i would make sure that you know that this is not the time to let things get out of hand as that would be toxic and frustrating .
i can completely understand how that is becoming a challenging situation , especially with your siblings taking on some roles . you do you think your parents are covid towards you when you are considering that option ?
do you have someone you can talk to about this or does someone you don ' t know at all ?
from what i have seen , there is a perfect balance between telling the truth and expressing your anger . it really hurts to lose someone , especially if you feel that the situation is absolutely hopeless and you have a better support system than not .
it sounds like you are prepared to take this a lot more seriously if that makes sense .
that was not your fault . you are doing the right thing , considering she was living in your house , and you were very rude and unsupportive .
the virus still makes me angry too . it really shouldn ' t be this hard to find a way to find a way to change your friend .
it ' s great that you have someone you can talk to . this will eventually add up and make things better .
you ' ll be alright
take care
did he repeat his behavior ?
have you confronted your friend to his that is aa or another form of alcohol in the past ? i would think that would have given him some insight on how to avoid alcohol .
that ' s very difficult . i ' ve felt similar myself when i lost a friend . i had to deal with it for a while . i ' m not really a mediator for anyone .
my own drinking stopped once i met my own wife . i realized it was a job , not a habit .
sometimes it is just the move to alcohol that is giving him the negative thoughts . do you have anyone in his family you can confide in about how it affects you ?
i know that i got a brother and my two sons . i reached out and we decided that if i ever had to get an alcohol related binge i would call him and tell them to stop drinking .
do you have family or close friends that support you in that way ?
first , let ' s try to be extremely serious and realise that all we ' re capable of is another drinking session . however , if he will come clean and make the right decisions , then he will quit drinking and the damage that will be done to himself .
may i suggest a virtual bottle of wine or an alcohol free clear , i feel it can help .
how have you been reaching out for support lately ?
yes , you are welcome !
you ' re very welcome .
what do you have in mind for support for this ?
crying is never a good thing . you are not alone . i am sure that everyone in your situation has their story about how they are feeling , and i am sure you are made a great person .
you are so welcome ! i hope you do get help for your situation .
__unk__ - i know it is hard , but i ' m happy you came through this , and the right steps are already taken , it is just not good to let it get the best of you .
enjoy your stay . it will get better . i hope that the spirits and meditators of your family have been understanding of this and helped you . i wish you the best and you have the luck to do the best in the world .
how are you doing today ?
it sounds like you are losing a lot of weight due to the pandemic . what is making you feel this way ?
that is tough . how can you tell your boyfriend what you are doing to feel better about the situation ?
you are very welcome . is this a relationship you can see yourself in ?
i am sorry to hear that . do you have children or have significant other issues with depression ?
the way to look at it , i understand . one of the best things to do when doing something you feel unmotivated is start making new choices or looking for more motivation . there are a lot of cheap things that can help with your depression if you can start with one .
the first step can be to maintain your weight and exercise .
yes it does feel like you are gaining more weight . there is another idea called energy gain is related to the workload of your body and you can indulge that with new food !
you are welcome . do you have a website for it ?
you should .
yeah it is . i remember i could not get as far as i wanted from running and then one day i just stopped and found myself in another hurry and just never could get as far as i wanted .
that is great . i am glad to hear you have come to a realization .
wow that is a lot of time to walk !
you are welcome and goodnight and i hope you stay well .
hi there slowly - how are you ? what can i do to make you feel better ?
could you tell me a little about what is going on ?
how long have you been feeling depressed ?
you seem very optimistic about your children and you know that there is nothing you can do to prevent them from being born . i am sure that you are taking the steps you need to have control over .
wow that is really hard and very upsetting . my parents were very strict with not being able to visit when i was growing up .
it sounds like you are frustrated at the situation and you are angry that this is happening now and can not afford a visit , am i correct ?
it seems like the pandemic has given people enough hard earned support
that sounds like a great plan . keep it up and you might be able to do better for the future .
you can also listen to something like neutral music , or movie , or play with music you ' ve always wanted to play . it might help to talk about the situation and also can help with allowing your children to relax when they are not having anything to do with the situation .
i think having a family meeting with your husband is great idea .
you ' re very welcome , i wish you all the best with your voyage .
why do you think it is that you are frustrated ?
i ' m sorry you are having to deal with this , especially when it ' s your friend ' s opinion . are you aware that the things he * does * argue about can be as personal as a affront to you ?
i understand that you are trying to do your best to convince him that your opinions are truth . this is a very hard spot to be in when you are not a supporter of him , i ' m really sorry that is happening .
so have you talked with other friends about this in the past ? have they said that they have heard of the problem , so they have made it clear to you that they do not want it to be fixed anytime soon ?
oh i see ! how does the friendship get them to do that ? does the friendship have a negative impact on his job as well ?
however , i would say that if it is the case that you have to do something in person then i would consider that . at the end of the day , you are not his family or friends .
yes , i have . it worked for me . i can say , if you really want the truth , that he will come to your side with a strong response . however , it also requires deep __unk__ __unk__ understanding of how he is feeling .
from personal experience , i have not had this happen to me personally . i think i would try to be friendless , with this friend though , so it may be helpful to you as well .
how long have you guys been friends ?
i can tell that you are stressed and are worried that this person is lashing out and will not communicate with you until after he is getting through this . are you feeling as if this is making you feel that way ?
your welcome ! i am happy to be helpful .
you are very welcome ! i wish you the best of luck and best wishes !
hello how er you today ? would you like to discuss how i can help with something today ?
are you on any type of deal 3 . 19 ?
oh i ' m sorry to hear that . what brings you down today ?
that sounds like you have a lot going on .
i know of a pretty good gig right now that i ' ve tried to find by focusing on what i have on my resume , i ' ll give you that .
right now , people are trying to put aside everything for a job but i can feel how anxious you are at this stage .
those are really hard for people to accept .
yes that ' s also a great way to get work
i know mturk is great
do you have a family that is close to you that could support you with the job or are there online unemployment or other things that could help you get by ?
i think it ' s great that you are being encouraged to work hard !
oh well , you can be lazy and worked into working from home . even if that is hard , i believe that you are able to work from home even if you don ' t like it .
that is absolutely great . it is important to stay positive about what is coming and keep on pushing for the future !
it really helps ! my suggestion is to do it !
you know that for a small business they will hire or cover your in__unk__ rent with . i would suggest letting them get an art cards , it could show that you have your own art at least . they have a real career and a business .
but be proactive ! don ' t let a business just go in it . i had a hard time before putting that picture in my resume but i just put mine back on my resume .
is it still far away for you to start ?
just make sure you say it looks good and it does
goodbye !
hi ! how s__unk__ " can i help you today ?
yes it ' s so frustrating . sometimes , our mind isn ' t trained to appreciate everything . the important part is to stick to your prepressive schedule . do you have any other duties or related ?
oh wow . . . . wow . i can tell how much you are stressed by this . i ' m actually in my final year of the same year . this year it ' s getting very rough . i can tell you with confidence what is the cause of your stress .
i really get that feeling and it sounds like you have a lot going for you .
i think the best thing you can do is stay positive .
they have : )
if you could , maybe doing community activities that you do on the bus would be a good way to connect with people at the same time .
is there any other activities you enjoy besides your major that would be able to support you through school ?
i can ' t wait to be done with school ! what do you think would have to happen for you to meet people in person ?
i completely understand that . if you find out your grade is struggling to make it through the year , i wouldn ' t expect much from you . do you have friends or colleagues that you can meet with this year ?
a way to deal with that kind of worry is to talk to your professor or your student advisor about how you ' re feeling right now .
i think you ' ll do well in your studies . stay positive !
that ' s really rough .
i can see where you are coming from . this is a hard situation and i think you are not sure if you can handle her cheating so to speak . is your partner aware ?
you must have been the one that told her about it . i am so sorry about that . i am sure it has been very hard for you and you have truly heard all the stories and you seem very honest with your husband .
i can understand why you would want to do that . i have been in similar situations where i had to say no to the wife , but i was very ashamed of my actions and i do not want to do anything to upset my wife .
i think if you feel that you can communicate with your friends about your feelings , your husband will find it helpful . as long as you have that information you are completely capable of doing it , you do not have to tell your friend !
i have been in a similar situation myself . i was with a man who i never felt comfortable with at the time . i eventually found out that it was important for me to have someone in my life that i was close to . do you think that you could do it ?
i understand . i believe that you will find that the honest honesty is the most important .
i think talking to your husband can give you a good enough understanding .
yes that sounds like a good plan . it is completely possible . do you think this could be an issue of truth ?
well , that is good to hear . and that it will go well with both of you .
i can understand how you ' re feeling ! when i have a stressful job it can be very hard and i try to stay as close to the inside as i can .
oh i understand . i was on the same boat recently and i can definitely understand how you feel ! my first and second jobs have always felt un= during this pandemic . we ' ve been all right for once in this situation .
i ' m so sorry that happened . is it possible that your work during corona ' s take over helped you to get a better job ?
i definitely hope that i have been able to help . __unk__ i do agree , sometimes it ' s important to get back to the past . we do what ' s right for us now .
i ' m not really sure . but there are local churches with a program that you could join or google and they may have financial assistance .
you ' re welcome , i ' m glad i was able to help ! i know i would be happy to help . have a great night !
i ' m glad you ' re feeling better about it ! i ' m glad you ' re having some positive attributes from hearing others !
i agree with you , that ' s one of the biggest issues i have right now . are there any else suggestions for you ?
yes , i listen to my love story through a mute and love viplane to the absolute best of my able . it ' s really helped me personally .
you ' re welcome . i ' m glad i was able to help . i ' m very glad you ' re feeling better . is there anything else i can help you with ?
oh wow , you just told me that you are taking something very personal and uptight . good , thank you for talking to me ! have a great night and good night !
hello assess all the other stand__unk__ ins ' , how are you today ?
are you ok ?
i ' m sorry that happened . how are you handling it ? is it a roommate or friends ?
oh no . it sounds like she was really cheating on you . are you in a relationship ?
okay . . i suppose there ' s a lot of things going on . i really think that you have to say something , to make yourself feel better . you ' re not hurt at all .
of course ! i am glad i was able to help you .
yes , you have that all head on your shoulders . you are never gonna have to forget it all again , and you ' re already done . the perfect storm , time to get the hang of it , never forget that it wasn ' t the first time that happened .
what exactly is the tattoo for ? is it for health , your role in your family ?
you too : )
how may i help you today ?
anything new on your mind ?
do you think you ' re ok ?
oh wow , that sounds like something that should never have happened to you . do you know why your boyfriend did that ?
that is terrible . .
did your boyfriend do it ?
i totally understand how you feel , it ' s not the best thing for either of us to hear . i understand the feeling that he was the one who did it and it ' s part of the reason he didn ' t do it again .
i ' m so sorry that you ' re feeling this way , that ' s not a good place to be an isolating and manipulative person . i don ' t know how you would be able to go about talking to your boyfriend if he wasn ' t so nice to you ?
have you considered talking to your ex or your friends about it ?
you are the better person for choosing the right partner . are there any other one you could try to focus on ?
that ' s absolutely your best bet .
ok , well that is definitely why they are so toxic ! you sound like a very self__unk__ with a good mind , you have had plenty of time to change your behaviour . i think you really care about your other partners , this does not seem to have anything to do with you .
i would suggest a hotline if you are considering the same
i ' ve had relationships start to look like this for months before it started
i don ' t really like movies either , i think that taking some time and doing one is the way to go .
well i have some friends , it ' s their loss , right ?
no problem , i think you ' re in the right place to do it . if you want to stay here , i think the best time to talk would be through the news , but if not , maybe perhaps go for a walk and spend some time meditating ? you seem like a great person .
why do they have a reason for not doing something you like ?
no worries !
trust me i have done it too
do you feel lonely , or that you can be gone for a while ?
hope i helped you today
have you thought of volunteering ?
oh , i see , what have you done to make the situation worse ?
do you have any other concerns with work or about your job at the moment ?
was it a recent change in a previous position ? were they hiring lately ?
why did you decide to leave your job at this time ? is there any good way to provide you more income ?
i see . so the half off things you are having right now are due to covid ' s weather . this will affect your work security a lot more than you think . what are some ways that this could help you get a promotion ?
that is completely understandable . i am also going through the same situation as you , it really is very hard to get another job right now .
is there anything that you can do to keep your mind off the issue ? i have found the best way to take care of myself is by talking to people i know who are also suffering from depression and can help you too .
that is great news . are you aware that that means you are more eligible to be laid off than you would be otherwise ?
it seems to me that a lot of people are facing similar issues , have you looked into the pandemic and anti virus through your doctor ?
from what i have read the more information you have in addition to your degree is best for you .
it has been a really hard year for me . but i ' m working towards a better life .
you ' re welcome ! i wish you well in the future and all the best !
if you want to talk about it , do you have any other questions ?
is there anything else that you would like to talk about today ?
i know the pandemic is being kind to you .
i ' m doing it ' s ok , you can ' t have my live
that ' s good that you are getting better
sorry i thought you were talking about school
the fact that you were thinking back on your master ' s makes you more dedicated to your studies . have you made progress in that field ?
are you in college ? what kind of work did you do before going to graduate ?
have a great rest of the year .
and what did you finish with ? that can be frustrating . are you still looking forward to school ?
hello , share your name with me and i will give you some support
how may i help you today she has been hit and how are you ?
is it sunny at the moment ? or does it change as you do not live there ?
that sounds like something you did so i am sure you are feeling great about it
we do not want to ask why we feel older .
i ' m so sorry to hear that , it is the complete worst feeling and it is horrible how it has turned out to be a loss that you ' ve not reconnected with for years , you are in a good place now though
try talking to a counsellor or counselors if you can , it can be helpful
we all go through similar situations it about for me what i learned and how will this make me better in the future . i think you ' re right . what do you think i can learn from it ?
you as well . good luck with everything .
it must be because you are struggling so much . can i help you ?
just so i understand , are you feeling depressed or sad ?
could you tell me what is causing you to feel this way ? are you putting yourself in a situation that you want to be in ?
i have been really wanting to be able to give those extra time for myself to enjoy myself more too . have you thought about at least a day where you are just sitting by the bed while you ' re doing some of your activities ?
it sounds like you are determined to make a big trip . also , i think you will find that you really like the things that you have been trying to do for fun that you did not know you could actually do in the first place !
my pleasure and thank you for talking with me as well ! i hope you have a wonderful rest of your day !
yes , i am an insurance broker for the church and i do not have a background in therapy , i have been on many trips and have found that i find it very helpful to get outside and to talk to people about the same things i have .
it sounds to me like you are really passionate about these things and it ' s giving you something to try and be positive about . i am so sorry that you are having to deal with these emotions .
i hope you can find your happiness soon .
believe in yourself
oh i hear you , i have family that i actually can relate to . i have been away from many family members for almost two years , that ' s how i felt the other year too . i was extremely upset too .
so you are having a difficult time feeling in isolation in the holidays ? it sounds like you ' re feeling that the pandemic has caused a lot of stress and isolation this year ?
is there any way you could reach out to a family member or museum or other family member to study ?
so you feel as though you are trapped and worried about what you want in life , are you ?
the zoom task is a good idea . the isolation of this activity has caused many people to have anxiety about it and also creates anxiety and ideas of why they feel no fun or joy .
there are a few online sites you could use to go out with your family on christmas night . i don ' t have my own house so i don ' t have much of a way to meet people online .
that sounds great ! do you think that the new indoor activity might make you more active ? i know a friend and family member really love going outside .
may i suggest looking for new employment online if you have any qualification as a therapist ? what do you think ?
what have you done to help yourself cope ?
i think you have a good plan and i am sure you will make it through this !
make sure you get to see as many good movie nights as you can . there are some on social media that you can host a movie night with with friends .
what is bothering you about being concerned ? i am honest to asking , i am not too familiar with anything going rear from the telephone !
that must be hard .
i am familiar with how much work you do as well . it can be a great distraction from the world in my opinion .
can you please share some of your experiences and data about how you ' ve manifested them ?
have you thought about moving away from online play and trying to find another hobby ? do you have a best friend or family member in your life that could help you relax and calm your nerves ?
i get the feeling that it is . perhaps a counsellor might be able to help you figure out why it ' s so troubling . have you tried checking on your phone , i ' ve not personally but it may help to do that ?
i often refill my online playing when i have a cup of tea or a good cup of coffee . it is not a very good habit to be in .
is there a way you could come to a sort of school hai regarding this ? you could possibly contact the teachers with a study guide and discuss this with the school counselor to allow them to address things that might potentially cause an issue for you .
do they have enough kids that can see them in the schools that you could possibly do that for them ? maybe you should talk to your sister or someone in your family that is at least competent to get a counsellor and see how it would make you feel .
did you check with your school to see what a doctor can do to your mental health ?
if you haven ' t reached out to them then why not reach out to the school you feel comfortable with ?
do you have anyone that you can talk to ?
can you speak to your friends or do you have a watch to watch their actions ?
i was just thinking that i have a friend who just wrote a report on his b . a . mental health exam and it went to us all . he said that once you have reached plat in all games , you are usually 800% and you can play for hours each day !
is there anything else i can help you with today ?
would you like to tell me what the problem is ?
it sounds like it could be from a difficult time of year . it must be stressful to be living through it right now .
i see . i have been really worried about my anxiety when i think about all the companies ' businesses that were inforted . i imagine it ' s really difficult , especially with the year ' s going on .
thank you ! i wish you all the very best .
i know we ' re dealing with a lot of covid at this point .
did you go to a lot of places to get the same type of security in your home ?
that ' s understandable , we are going to have a little little anxiety after this year : )
it can be challenging at first . i can tell you that we all feel what you feel might be depressed about a lot .
so you feel that you have not been able to come to an honest approach with your life ?
of course . have you reached out to people to be friends with lately ?
i think people might have a little different attitudes after this year .
it ' s definitely worth a try ! it can ' t always be as fun and true to a certain degree though , we don ' t want to think we ' re ignorant for doing what we do . it makes it less exciting .
i can tell by talking to you that you care a lot .
exactly ! i can ' t help feeling that way .
you ' re most welcome , and thank you for talking to me about it . i feel as though i have taken things very personally today . i am sorry you felt i did , and i hope you can do the best you can .
can you tell me more about it ?
we will definitely look back on it , but also have to understand that it ' s going to be quite a while . we ' ll have to find a way to work on this for sure .
it sounds like you are really concerned about what ' s going on right now and it ' s hard to figure out what will take the load off of your shoulders . is that right ?
i am glad i could help !
thanks so much for chatting with me . i think you are very right about getting back into the routine . and you ' re doing that well , and you feel that you have worked hard with yourself and that it ' s helping you to get through this . so i ' m happy for you !
please make sure you have some virtual feedback from the people you ' re trying to help .
you ' re most welcome and thank you for sharing your thoughts and feelings .
i understand that the future is overwhelming , but what are you worried about specifically ?
i know that there are some things that are quite dark but if i understand correctly you are worried that you might have anxieties to the economics of this situation . what would you like to discuss in your head to take your mind off it ?
is this what is causing you to feel this way ?
no we aren ' t . i understand your feelings of insecurity and worry . i ' ve been in your shoes as well .
that ' s completely understandable . do you know of any news groups that you can trust to support you ? perhaps you could learn to set up a safe safe - to - read , family - speaking , anonymous subsecctions , or be able to only live by yourselves ?
i think that would be an ideal approach to this whole thing .
it really does not have to be about being informed . it can be about sharing information with people that we want to share with . you just have to do what your friend is telling you to do .
is there anything else i can help with ?
the great part is you can get away from the crazy people who you ' re worried about keeping safe .
short s__unk__ long days make me anxious too , but not becasuse i want to sleep . i have a short where i need to recover from a medical issue , usually called insomnia . when i am doing that , i need to relax and do something .
that can be a hard situation to be in . i know i am anxious to go to school during the winter , as it is the pandemic time .
thank you . this is really a thankyou .
when did this start ?
what are some things that are causing you to feel this way ?
are you at all able to go out to meet new people ?
i can see that this is making you feel that you are losing your ability to talk to people . you might be feeling a little depressed because of this ?
that has to be very difficult . i can tell how sad you are about that . have you considered talking to a professional to help you healing ?
how did he respond to you saying goodbye ?
i have a feeling you are not on the right page and this may be hurting you a lot .
why not ?
i can feel your pain because of this . please , please leave .
please know that it is normal to feel upset , at least until this is over .
i can relate , my emotions are sad and depressed as well .
this is a temporary process . .
try to exercise everyday to increase your stress and mindfulness and take some foods to break your depression .
i hope you have a good day !
oh i ' m so sorry to hear that . it ' s a really hard time to go through school work . how can i help you ?
how are you going to deal with it ? are you expected to do well in your classes ?
i see . so your school has your grades and it can feel like you are working very hard but your mom seems like a great parent . is that correct ?
have you tried talking to her about your expectations ? maybe she will get all the right assignments as well .
have you thought of having her watch you work a large amount of time to do your assignments ? she could give you instruction and boundaries on how to excel . it might take some time , but it would help to start a family effort that may increase your esteem .
you are doing so well in school ?
perhaps one of your friends needs to talk to your parents to get it to stop and ask if they can make her see a professional grade .
yes , she does .
that might be a good place to start . you may even be able to offer some grants that would help cover tuition .
i have the same fear , but in the end it is worth it : )
it is a pretty common fear to have at this point . i have also experienced it myself . but i think it is worth it !
well i do personally , i think that we are the only ones left who can truly compare to other students . have you tried talking to your college counselor about how you are feeling ?
maybe you should get some outside help for that . having it as a source of stress would help .
there are a lot of different strategies that you could use . do you have a friend you can recommend you do something fun with ?
it sounds like you have done a great job ! i hope that i have been able to help you and make you feel a bit better .
it is very healthy to set boundaries and get boundaries especially when you are in your 30s .
is there something you can do to take control ?
do you have any friends you can confide in about this ? do you feel any connection to the people that have been struggling with social anxiety ?
hello ! image im here to help you today . what can i help you with today ?
is there something specific that is bothering you that can ' t get you to sleep well ?
what are you studying in school ?
maybe it is time to have your own practice , or something that gives you a visual lesson in such skills .
i hear you . i ' ve worked in a public place where everyone knew everyone else . the chances of you having anyone to listen to your on stage is much smaller if you are in front of people .
have you ever talked to a professional perform actor that has worked in the past ?
that sounds like a good plan . being more proactive with presentation will make you appear more confident . remember that people are supposed to be there for you .
not at first , but you can get through it !
is it a bad experience you had ?
just try and remember things are not gonna go as well as you think they will . . . so we all will eventually make it .
best of luck !
i am great . is there anything you would like to discuss ?
i understand completely , that is very frustrating when you are feeling down . how may i support you today ?
it sounds like there is a certain amount of stress that you are under right now . is that normal ?
are you upset that you have not been able to work or has there been someone looking for employment to help you work ?
have you spoken to your doctor about what the cause is ? often times we can find treatment options that could give us the same relief . have you heard of using some instruments to help you feel better ?
you may not feel the same way , but it could be beneficial to start with getting a day off for once . the vaccine will help for sure .
so you are feeling as though your government has given you the technology to move to a better world in the past . is that right ?
yes it ' s true .
, yes . i have enough of that i do not need to see my loved ones around .
now we can focus on finding the right field of work and getting on a hotline to meet people . is that something you could do ?
understandable . a single person in the office is a big part of the reason why so many people in the pandemic are having difficulty with vaccines .
thanks ! i am happy to assist !
yes , i have been very lonely in my family and this is understandable . it is like you are our family in that you do not feel the need to have a space .
that can be quite hard , but don ' t panic if you don ' t find out the subject is due . sometimes it helps to have a plan of you then getting things off __unk__ " " before the paper . you don ' t want to build up this panic .
great ! that will give you some motivation to be good at the study . you have a start at the right time for yourself ! i ' m sure you have plenty of time to relax after this , and you ' ve been studying too !
i understand that . i went to ebro last week and purchased a lucky rare beer before i went . maybe you could do that ? i had a glass of wine on my boat in the evenings . it turned out to be a much better habit .
remember , don ' t judge or anything
haha , i see . so just to make sure i ' m understanding , you ' re worried about your paper . you ' re going to be writing on it but then it ' s only for a week ?
even as you are out , try to take some spare time for your paper to make some beer money before you begin writing it
perfect ! maybe it ' s time to find a great book or movie to lend a vacuum .
have you tried to talk to anyone about alcohol ?
i have tried shrooms a few times and it was really good , but don ' t try it with anything but sour nuts and white malt beer . it ' s literally impossible to avoid it .
you could also try blackhards as a ghb with mturk .
but i ' m not doing it without reason
is engineering your major ?
i see
yeah but you need to be very well paid at school
very nice .
i hear you saying that you are worried about a deadline . do you have anything that you have done to calm you down the last few months ?
okay i see . so it sounds like you are feeling very anxious about this due to the deadlines .
make sure you are planning ahead in case you have some exams coming up and some deadlines don ' t meet deadlines
that must be a big step for you ! this is a big step for me in the phd program i ' m in , so it ' s definitely a bit more pressure than previous deadlines .
yes , like to let the mind go naturally and let the body rest .
yes , with that many revisions you can accomplish your goal in a single day .
i always have been on that boat before __unk__ 3 , and it ' s no problem . i would also try to keep yourself occupied , but never avoid anything you might be doing .
good ! i am glad you are feeling better . also , please remember to never forget to put your friends first . it will make a big difference .
go ahead , give it time
you are welcome ! it sounds like you have been doing everything you can to accomplish it .
hello . how are you ? what seems to be on your mind ?
i can totally understand why you are feeling depressed . i was feeling depressed as well this morning .
i know how you feel . this is how i know i will be feeling for the foreseeable future . i believe life is just gonna get better .
i can definitely understand how that would make you very sad . i can tell this is a tough time for you .
you are welcome . i understand , its a difficult situation for sure .
what are you having coping mechanisms for ?
that should help you out a lot
has fiancé started a pattern with his treatments ?
bye and good luck to you .
thats good too . .
you too
i know your gonna have a very good time
i am okay .
yes i think that would be a good thing to do .
is there anything you ' d like to talk about to ease the thoughts ?
are you not sure which one is better ?
i am in my late 30s and the connections have been rough . i have met some great men to make sure of my commitment though .
it sounds like you really appreciate the honest relationship with your partner . have you considered volunteering for boyfriends or his or her . it can be so easy to steal and get so much fun .
i would definitely not settle just for that . i think it would be better to do some research on the benefits of leaving a relationship in a certain stage of life than settling in to the new person in the same boat as the relationship .
i understand where you are coming from . it ' s hard to tell what is a good thing and what isn ' t . however , the fact that you are getting worse insight is a sign of maturity .
sometimes competition is the best solution for everything , so there are not too many bad ideas to try and move on from the mistake you made earlier .
and you can get that first step on your back !
oh , i don ' t think you ' ll have a problem finding something you think will work for you
ok , good bye !
hello ! i ' m doing s__unk__ what you are going to do .
okay so tell me whats on your mind . what has been bummed about this ?
have you been sick this year ?
wow you are really high up then i think it ' s awesome that you know everything about your company
what was you biggest problem ?
is there anyone there that you could talk to ?
i also find that the best strategy is to just be passionate about the business and not lie .
is there any other sort of contact that you could get to when you have time ? have you asked a recruiter for any questions ?
i have worked with my sisters baking team for many hours . no i am not .
one way that would help keep your career moving forward and take your mind off of the problems are the main things at the moment
was there anything else that you didn ' t like ?
if i have to work anywhere for more than a short while make sure i get your job" and leave
no problem ! have a wonderful day !
hi 12 is nice today . how may i help you today ?
that is good to hear . what would you like to talk about ?
oh i am sorry i am not being serious right now .
well i had a very similar situation , i decided to cut it out and give it a more senior service . the pay was good and it helped me when i could make more money .
it ' s hard to know , but perhaps it could be beneficial to your manager to talk to them specifically about how to approach this , and see how their opinions of you come to be . that way you might not have to be confused .
would you consider starting an in - job at another company ?
if you have nothing better than to do , is there any chance of finding another job as a replace__unk__ work opportunity in the future ?
good thinking . there are a lot of great organisations out there to help your situation . look for that information and you will be a eed .
of course ! i know you ' ll do your best . i wish you all the best and your future endeavors of continuing to improve !
sounds good !
ah i ' m so sorry to hear that ! can you tell me what is bothering you and what you should do to change that ?
i have also been through this before and i can say that i feel your pain and can empathise with you .
maybe because you have a friend that has the same thing happened to her ? that makes you stronger ?
do you think that was the case for you and your partner ? sometimes it is hard to tell someone apart when they are so unpredictable . do you think they could have someone you could share a connection with , maybe spend time with your family and friends ?
i think there are very few ways to find a solution at the moment . there are a lot of research online and it is really difficult to find the right answers .
maybe you could find some good friends so you can at least relate to someone who may understand your situation . do you think it could help ?
i think you should reach out to her and tell her that you can ' t keep this to yourself and that it is just to be there for her , and not to give it to her .
i would suggest a reasonable apology and explain your feelings . if you think it ' s something in your brain that might not be your fault , let her know you are there for her .
is there anything else you ' d like to talk about ?
my name is jan , what is the dead__unk__ end job ?
it seems that your boss ' s has a sense of what can be achieved if everyone has the same type of job . is that right ?
how many years have you been in the business ?
are you sure it is not at your own work ? there are so many different opportunities in the different industries that it is difficult to tell exactly what is and is not going on at work .
if you don ' t want to work for a worse job , then there is no need to make the choice ! that is why you are here !
are there other plans to improve your skills or find a new home for yourself ? have you checked online before the change in your life might help with your situation ?
that is so sad . i completely understand . i feel the same way , and it can make the other members of your family feel lost too . it doesn ' t help at all .
i once went through that also and what i learned is that we have to reach out for help and to help people in need .
are there any other ideas you might have for streamlining the work ?
i hope you can take a step back to look forward to the future . keep working on this , and keep up the great work !
i find music to be very soothing and helpful in calming me down .
maybe you can make some more meaningful goals to think of for yourself . i ' ve been doing that recently , and it has helped to me through things .
i hope i was able to be helpful . i can totally understand the feeling of snow day when we are down . you know i can sometimes find a small accomplishment on them if we are able to plan and set it in stone . is that something you do regularly ?
i hope i have been able to be of some help and your success . thank you for talking and i hope i can be of some help too !
same to you !
