that is a very common thing to have and it is very tough
i myself also went through this a while back and it was a significant change .
i know that can be a tough move to make , but try to make sure that you do your best and stay positive because it will become easier in the long run . i have found it is important to have a balanced brain .
i have been in that situation and it definitely feels that pressure or panic . i have been in that situation as well and have tried a lot . it never actually works . i know that i would feel the same as you if i were you though .
you could do some online academic research to help with your problem and understanding your problem is the only strategy you can do .
i have had good experiences with good counselors over the course of my schooling as well . maybe there are one in your school ? it really depends on your school i am sure . have you tried doing some breathing exercises to lessen the stress ? i know you can do it as it sounds .
i believe it is the correct career choice in school , but there is no pro or con . you just have to be patient !
what a great decision for you . are you still in school at that time ? sometimes it helps to make that choice .
i also apply for transfer at university of myohaha college . my counselor will answer my questions from time to time and i will put it on that or tutor there . that ' s something i have always done . it really helped my mind and i was less stressed over it .
no problem ! it ' s great that i could help you feel that way .
bye .
what is being bothering you right now ? do you have a work life balance ?
how are you feeling right now in this new office ? how did you feel the situation is still going on ?
are you able to talk with anyone in work that you would like to do so in another department if that might have issues with you ? you might want to be sure you have the correct questions you are asking as it is a really difficult situation .
it sounds as if you have deep concerns about the employee integrity and worth of work .
has she been that long that she seems so happy that you have chosen to live a more positive life ? is there a certain personality you have that keeps you fit well as to make your co__unk__ worker ' s work motivate people ?
hr might be able to help with that . did you work with hr before and it was the manager who did all the work for you ?
i am also in hr , this might have some sort of negative impact on me and i ' m working with as many other workers as i can at that time in my company right now .
i think it might be important that you reach out to your other co__unk__ workers and express your issue to them in a professional form . i think they would understand that you don ' t like it and perhaps see it as a good thing .
what do you think could have been done in the past that might have made your boss so unaware that you would do this ?
i think you are only complaining if you think it ' s not true ? you can only reasonable feel sorry or be sorry .
i am good thanks how are __unk__ * hello ?
i ' m so sorry that that happened . i hate when that happens to me . was there anything that i could do about it ? you ' d be able to find support from friends , in your opinion .
what was it that you were getting paid to do ?
does your friend know who gave you the deal and how much the raise was ? if not you can tell why he would have used it for a second . i do know that it can be frustrating to get cheesecake from this company .
how did it feel when he opened with you though ? is the friendship very fresh now that you have been close ?
i have some good advice on behalf of friends . what i will do in the long run if i ever see you do it again is i find that even if i do make a few genuine apologies for your friendship , i should be taken good care of . that is only if it is you though .
yes i could have put a contract in place but how would that work exactly ?
if you were in the contracting party i think you ' d have got it both ways . did you do an imbreaking search for jobs where you had nothing to do with one other person ' s work ?
how did you react when he called you and you were working on the software ?
how are , what would you like to chat about today ?
do you have a problem ?
have you spoken with your employer about your situation ?
have you ever spoken to any of your previous employees and have he reciprocated the fooddirections , do you have employees that could perhaps be lost on you ?
do you have any family you can talk to about how you are feeling ?
is he then being pay that new manager because of you ? i just so sorry to hear you are on the path of looking for other , similar employment . what do you think this could be for your family since they are their own people and not any other first in your family ?
would you have family in that family setting you would like or if so would it be okay if you have family support even though it is been a long time ?
that is a good feeling , being closer to family is important , i have been there myself in the past with my friends and sometimes life feels so toxic . i sometimes think about what my next girlfriend will be like and think that i have a little more time to talk to my friend .
that sounds really interesting . it sounds like you know your friend and are very looking forward to it so i imagine that your professional work could sometimes run this a good fit .
a new manager can be really hard to get through to and it sounds as though you have a strong strength in you that you can maybe change how they are speaking to you . that ' s something to keep working on .
i have been there when i was in that situation i did not get my salary until i quit
i am glad that i could be some of some help you have . it was great that i would provide you with some support .
of course ! do you want to try a new hobby ? it could be food or a coffee after work . maybe exercise too . you are a good listener .
you do know that the virus is almost definitely right at the root of it and i highly suggest taking it hard and focusing on your game .
and oh yes i have written out a five day mintball to calm my nerves and i do it when i ' ve got my mind off the interaction and i don ' t feel as if the situation is your actual problem or you feel like you can do it - or maybe you don ' t
you have got to pick that to be your favorite . i agree that getting fish is a great option and being in a profession that you have a passion for may be more enjoyable and fulfilling !
you are very welcome i am so very happy for you . i can feel your trust and it sounds great that you can focus on a goal you wish to achieve .
__unk__ bye
i am so sorry to hear that , what is it that you - can ' t sleep - is making you all so tired that you can ' t wake up ?
i know i have struggled sleeping at night as well
just personally i did it one hour before i sleep before i go to the reading room , it helped my sleep in my sleep and it got me to sleep much more easily
just lying indoors , lying in and about 10 minutes before sleep i had my funny toys and just breathing my mind just fine
i felt so slept less and helped with focusing on me !
i have often pushed my body to sleep and that has always helped me . you can try it i have done before for me and it helps in the mornings when i get sleepy .
yes this does make you more nacnal , and because you use less led woes to have you less energy
having you try the tonight no stress so you do not have the pressure to try for something you really don ' t like is a good change in your life__unk__ now . it will ease the pain some if it can help the most !
yes i tried this and for the good i just sleep less and tried to sleep and breathe less as i it really helped me stay and i do sleep better with this it will help with the same things you do try do have you try sleeping __unk__ yesterday
nothing too particular but nothing at all to get my mind off of it
yes it did especially after sleep
that ' s great ! i ' m doing well thank you for asking .
i am the same in that i like my job well but really not the most emotional one . . i have been searching for a job for too long so i have lots of technical experience . have you looked into getting into seeing a nurse to help you through it ?
so it sounds like you are very upset that you have no job but it is a terrible time to have your current job . you are a single owner and can not say that you are well when it is no longer an option .
i think that is great you are thinking of options . that may not be your best option however . this whole covid problem is really upsetting for us all . that is how the world is that you think that is better .
do you have the means of freelance work ? some hiring agencies are hiring right now so it ' s actually a great time to get out there for those .
what sort of things would you like to do in your spare time and do you have any ideas you could do such as exercise or school or perhaps learn new hobbies ?
i would try looking for a class that has additional online learning challenges that could enhance the re__unk__ emardiscussion and that is more stimulating __unk__ - but i also think it could also be based on the overall strengths and activities you have already done .
i can totally understand that as i think it would be hard to become that good
although i think it ' s worth a try if you are well versed with them
well i hope you find your happy end__unk__ optementrain and that you have many jobs waiting for you though !
have you considered to wait until 2021 to set an offer ? you can have your days by then i suppose ?
well yeah i ' d not as well but i ' d want to wait till i have my work set up before that goes super afk so i can do it when i get time : )
hello s are you there ? how are you doing ?
oh no . i am sorry to hear that . how long have you been sad ?
i ' ve been there in the past and i know how painful it can be . have you tried to explain it to her or have her explain it to her ?
have you asked her how many people she can be friends with or do you believe that they all actually do have the excuse to ask her for something she couldn ' t due to covid and she is really just lazy in general ?
i am not sure if this would help if she is in different circles of people , let alone someone that has been together for long .
so she is not taking you for granted by she ' s not leaving her hobbies with you , and she is making it clear you are interested in her right now . that sounds like you ' re putting in your best effort to make things better . i do understand your feeling .
i definitely understand how it must feel . i think it ' s important to maintain a positive relationship with your fiance and that if he doesn ' t that ' s his business and you can end the relationship if it helps . i hope he experiences some sort of friendship after this .
i would say take the time that you have as a couples and take it one of each . i would then be one by one with my boyfriend and i don ' t tell my friends i ' m not absolutely sure where we are now .
i would honestly just tell her how you feel , have some friends you could hang out with if you have time for yourself , and if that just worked the friendships would never come back to normal if that is what you are feeling .
of course . i hope you ' re able to work it through and that you don ' t get totally not interested in another person ' s friendship because of it . it is completely normal to see yourself pretty much anytime you feel like you don ' t want to be friend again .
hello weim here how may i help you ?
have you considered hiring at the university ? do you have any friends who are currently learning some additional courses ?
where do you live , are you having any fun with your classes . have you considered using your one part time job to obtain some other classes that will provide you with more experience ?
i can see from your online chats that you are well gna with a good foundation of architecture and cfords . sounds like you also know a lot about programming . is that something you are able to do for a living ?
you really have very good writing skills and computer in the room . there will always be job opportunities after you graduate .
do you do research or volunteer for a cancer cancer forum ?
if the counselor doesn ' t have a good answer for you maybe maybe you could find something in the above groups to pick from and be a good match for the counselor you should be talking with ?
it is a good thing you are starting a start to a good start , as that might help your finances even better
i have found my suggestions at school are often a great path to go through and it can give you a new path to success . what are some ideas you can try ?
your welcome . take care and stay safe !
you are welcome . have a wonderful year !
are there any covid issues you are concerned about ?
what is it that you ' d like to talk about ? i ' m not too sure what you ' re on about .
do you mean how are london sunny today ?
it is good you are about to sign up for this for may 1 of this year . i would definitely do that for sure .
i get that it is not fun for everyone to buy new in first to get any sort of vaccine . have you been to any grocery stores in london yet ? that has to help .
i can honestly not say about the risk , but i think if they are young they don ' t see any problem with it .
well , they should let you do that online . i work in a cleaning agency .
some people have honestly been vaccinating in public too but i don ' t think it is as common as that . i know in my experience they have started br__unk__ vaccine in nature to allow for complete increases in coping within developed countries .
i see __unk__ it is important to remember to be calm and be self safe . are there any major virus related schools that you have gone to at home ?
i need you too !
i ' m good how are you ye__unk__ d ?
why are you so upset ?
are you reserving your time ? do you know how to work on things that have not been done for a while ? do you think you have to become a student to have the same work experience in the near future ?
have you all graduated ?
are you a student ? i am actually an older student .
the first one i did was in college . i was around the bottom of the career block until i got my bachelors . i know that there are a lot of different approaches you could have taken .
i have personally been in the exact situation in your shoes before . that is a very stressful and understandable though , i believe in you !
that is a very positive feeling to have . there ' s just no control over what that just does for you . it can be overwhelming !
exactly . everyone at least is there for some of those similar highbrings in that they had to have even if they didn ' t feel like they could make that change .
if you can keep your boss , you are not obligated
you have to take it one step at a time . perhaps you need to think of more hours at work ?
how does it feel to take a bad life and move on from there ?
is there anything you ' d like to do today that you are on good terms with your boss or do you have something you want to do in your next job ?
i think if you explain that you are not financially burdening that she will take your job because of money . it just doesn ' t make you any more money , it doesn ' t feel worth the cost of living .
i regret no since i was still in high school , but i reguys it back after a year or two . do you think that you are committed to the work you ' ve been in so that you don ' t want to leave ?
maybe you could make the career you have if you rethink or do some something you like do not feel embarrassed or disgusted with __unk__ the world is dark and this is a self__unk__ opportunity and it is not worth less to not have to do this as well as you do now .
not now . two more decades left . you are not a mom .
good news is that all education is gaining good benefits in the coming years . which great !
do i look then in his direction or a path towards socialing a better field in my career that can make the kids keep their grades up a better age that can possibly protect me ? i want you to be aware of this so you look good .
can you give an example or hr stuff to think of ? perhaps even with his kids , since you have three kids . maybe explain that he should have access to helping them with job to sometimes which would help you .
well it sounds like you ' re considering ways to take it one on one and that can have some positive you ' ll in the end .
hello male or female ? who you are ? ; ) i ' ll be here waiting !
yes it can be hard to find motivation when we have little or no food to prepare for it . so we see that a lot of people are having this problem at times . when did you begin to feel that you are getting tired ?
you seem like you have a great style , do you have a good source of income at all ? do you have a consumption example that would allow you to avoid bagging up your own work ?
do you have somewhere you can be at the middle of a deadline so you could go out and do something you want to do ?
i have read that despite the strength of exercising , it can help the physical during the day time as well
what do you do for a living ? what can i help you with in your job if you don ' t mind sharing ?
it sounds that you are perhaps feeling no more energy due to the vaccine being on the case , how do you feel about that ?
have you tried reading you want to read book too maybe ?
i have started to take my vitamins and some as well , have you felt any more beneficial in that way since you are not working as well as you should have . i have noticed that i sometimes get a good battle effort out even though that may not be the best way to do it .
or just do things you like to do . eating better food can improve that too . do you like to read or do reading exercises or at all video games to get your mind off things ?
i see you have been being upset lately . i have taken my own advice . i started to do covid like two days after it first started and after that i had no problem keeping myself to bed while this stuff was going on and to have fun .
thank you . enjoy your rest of your day !
hello em good afternoon how are you doing today ? what is there to discuss today ?
sure i can help you just like i can give you a follow up . would you like to explain your issue to me ?
have you tried saying that you ' re blocking your own friend ? it might make you feel a little more person with a sense of perspective .
why are you telling her that you did the right thing ?
are you also friends of the same person that she has more so issues with ?
the only thing you can do is just talk to her though , we have to come around and do the right thing for you
i think that ' s the first step you need to do , then make her feel that you made the right decision , i dont think you can go to her house for that reason
yes she will know
yes you can .
first i would encourage you to focus on doing more .
you did the right thing , and people don ' t always share the same opinion .
well if you hang with someone you can try and work things back in if you really want to , but it is better to hang with someone that you are that you can trust
but you try this and it works .
no problem if you don ' t like hearing that i just hope it could help
you ' re welcome and you ' re welcome .
do you know you can face unemployment if you really feel you could
that ' s not a good company to have a job in the first place . do you mind me asking what you work for ?
have you had the chance to tell your management that you felt the lack of employment is making you feel taken advantage of ? it sounds like you have been working on your management skills and are perhaps just not having the best time in the professional co__unk__ presurections these days .
of course ! i am happy to offer my help .
have you seen the news of a different industry for people who are facing the best situation at the new job ? some if these employers have a true desire for job security and in a job that might help . it also depends what the appropriate things that are suitable for you .
you are very welcome and it is my pleasure __unk__ just remember that all that you have is a positive reputation and your work is work that has helped you of all kinds . you may find a job you can enjoy but i really don ' t think that would be a good situation to be in .
it really depends on the job you currently have or the location of the location you want to move to . when you search for a new job you can find something you might enjoy if there are any good opportunities there .
i want to start with the suggestions that i could . thank you for all the wishes you can have . i appreciate you reaching out and helping me in this tough time . you are so welcome .
would you like to tell me what the hard situation is ?
anytime and thank you for your kind words and great boss you are great and appreciate all of your time you have .
you are very welcome . i hope i could give you a good safety net .
have a wonderful evening and continue how you go : )
we can press the quit button and if you press again this session is over .
what is your side on your side ?
hi 6 ! how ' s going to start today ?
is there anything particular you would like to address or not have an explanation why you can ' t see it now ?
what do you like to do for fun ? are there any major updates that you need to get through the week ?
that sounds like a difficult situation . i ' m sorry to hear that . do you currently have anyone in your life you can talk to ?
i see . the very first choice you can make is apply a pandemic letter and to rephrase what i have here . are there any charities you have been recently interested in in looking for any employment ?
is there anything in particular you have on your mind as a job ?
it ' s possible you could talk to some of your coworkers that have experience in your job regarding job skills , and find some support with that if you make a good judgement on how you are feeling , before you go and do some based on finding a job , but if you don ' t
okay , well it sounds like you have that in the works .
i use the opportunity to do great things . i have so many people wanting me back at them ! it can really make a journey that more weight behind it . are there any opportunities that you feel you are close to for work currently ? perhaps when the government is out of town for the holidays .
if you search for working at this job , you could even look for something that has online support like covid . covid did become much better after some of the people they have spoken with and they would take the experience you have if you could .
that is a great suggestion ! it also depends how in touch you are with the cashier . i would definitely come here to help if i can and see what could make your resume become excellent .
you are most welcome . enjoy the rest of your day . i wish you the very best of luck in your job search !
how are you doing this evening ?
so you are tired for eight hours and you have a bad sleep pattern ? or do you just have no motivation to go to sleep ?
what have you specifically have that is making you engage so often ? is it an activity that is anxiety upsetting you ? i know it does make you have other concerns as well but have you tried reaching out for more help at all ?
not just any from what i have heard but has there been related to that ? have you given any thoughts ? i know it is a very difficult time for many people and it can be unbegideon to take what is getting you out there .
i definitely don ' t want to believe it . . . i have enough energy to get the night worked around , but i also believe it helps for a lot of us too , because there are a lot of changes of lifestyle in that time , and i completely agree that it is very important .
definitely a lot more of that stress off of sleeping that you ' re trying to control ! the high energy that you see in yoga for example is very rela__unk__ ! do you have other hobbies that you do ?
do you have any other questions for me today ?
so if i understand your problem right , you are struggling with not enough sleep or being tired . sounds like you have a specific lack of sleep . i would try to take the time you normally do and schedule for it for at least the following days .
exercise also would help , it might be a good idea to try a little of those in the morning ? i just know that insomnia is really more common when you are not working and you don ' t get any sleep .
meditation can also help with covid__unk__ 19 .
have you tried any other music you use ?
it seems like it ' ll definitely help you get your mind off of it , even though it is raw and mindful !
do you need any light goggles that can be light sensitive when you are awake ? i have one of those for dark and i use in my room too . if you have any , i imagine you could use it on your pets if you can .
have you every thought about self__unk__ focused meditation ? i feel it can help certain people .
of course . maybe if you try to get something like a shower to take your mind off of it and bring on the other morning sleep , maybe do some podseyes so you both get lots of sleep before you leave for bed , as well as doing social activity ?
you too ! ! you ' re welcome , have a great rest of your day !
how can i help you today ? i am not having a good life . i know it can be so hard when i am feeling so down .
sorry to hear that , so you ' re feeling these feelings of pain that are you concerned about your friend ' s death and it is causing you so much grief ?
i have had one close friend die recently and it can feel unbearable . i have had someone close to be go away recently and it can feel unbearable .
do you have friends he is close to that you can spend time with , maybe it is something they can spend some time spending time with ?
what is he feeling like now that is being like his thoughts ?
maybe just maybe , this is an insta sleep nightmare that you are having so you are handling it totally different way . what about when you have a strong enough urge to do something you believe in that might make you do it all for you ? have you tried relaxing or meditation when you sleep ?
do you have a mask and a nice screen that he ' s always in the middle of sleeping ? sometimes i take my mask in at night and sometimes i like to think that it will stop the fleeting .
that makes sense . in our relationships the friendships don ' t talk without meaning it .
they have found the chance to live on after they ' re dead from the crazy exhausting brain chemicals that can escape . i have a feeling you aren ' t there . you don ' t hear the sounds he makes if you are awake . do you think it might be the spirit ?
does this happen in real life as well ? do you think there is anything i can do or do you think that i can do in order to help him ?
one thing i do is listen to what he says if there is something out there for me to look forward to . do you have any friends that might help you try to see what you have seen or try to know what it is you have in it ?
fantastic .
how are term used for you is there a problem ?
you failed , but you are still in school . is that what you think it is ? you fail the class so you can stay at home with the final exams ?
i ' m so sorry to hear that . these are certainly difficult situations , but i know you can do it !
i have heard that time when pandemic has pandemic i believe they are where they are changing the level of the pandemic due to the middle east and studies of the scientists have ended up losing professors . is this correct ?
that sounds great that you are trying your hardest so far , and that a lot of different courses are opening in your classes that you already have . so i ' m sure that this is a new learning experience , you should be very proud .
you have a well worth degree , i can imagine ! that is great ! and the rewards you are getting from work seems very enticing ! you sound very smart and your education would pay off and i am very happy that you are staying on track with what you are capable of .
i have done that myself when i was out of college . having learned that things can get really tough as it goes , i did not get it in the first place . do i know of that it gets easier as you get older ?
that is the spirit ! we can all learn from this difficult time .
in the end it may just be a waste of time . because you know , it is a shame for that to happen but you really don ' t have to take your major . i have personally drop half my classes in order to find good work from my community and get my degree .
if you have a school counselor that can help with managing that stress , it can be a good idea to take online courses in the first place before you have to make the progress in school you will need from the beginning . and i can definitely see how the stress and anxiety is very shocking for you .
it sounds like you are being with it a lot of people too . it is not just a college job . you have the life and the time .
take things one at a time , always having goals and increasing your mental health . be creative with what you do when you get the time . do not just do what you feel you have to . do what makes you happy to do .
hi there there i am so sorry to hear that you feel so down today nver mind you why not try to work it out ? would you like to talk about it .
some people can lose weight really quickly and it can be very important in many situations . what are your hobbies or interests you have if you don ' t mind sharing ? do you have any other hobbies at all ?
is this a one time thing you have been struggling with before ?
i would try and control your weight as much as possible
great work you all !
i have tried many things from yoga , bifuralistic tea , music __unk__ and those have also helped . but yes having a professional look in to your food tastes can be helpful . but also make sure you are getting enough protein ! and do exercise .
i ' ve been there .
if your nanny is a good nanny , they will let you instill some discipline you are trying to do .
do you have any sort of property , like sewers , in your area ? perhaps it would give you some fresh air as well .
well they are not adults they could use you for their child and not for you to change your mindset .
have you discussed the due date with your spouse ? maybe you could have it as a holiday present and go to a beach house or something at the same time ?
hi his name is tom . how can i help you today ?
i hear you are not a fan of that ? please tell me more so i can understand you ?
what would you like to discuss ?
do you know anyone to support you when it is a difficult time for you ?
i understand what you are saying do you feel she is making you worry ?
i would explain to her that your feelings are clearly in the bigger picture and would have instead of gloating about the biden loss you wanted to focus on actually better things in a 2021 relationship
for example if she has a political dislike__unk__ to him does she consider it to be the most important issue for you to keep in touch with on one or both co__unk__ lives ? or maybe her family or friends of some sort ?
well that is worth a distance and maybe it won ' t be so big if you do have a long talk
i have unfortunately taken a while to talk to people that i know have made it the professional woah , not the pro __unk__ but oh well , some people are clearly just more competitive __unk__ yii dont make that go ahead , i hope this helped your 100whatever .
hmm , i do think you would have to do something to get over it though . maybe you could give her your say in how she lives so she would think differently ?
your most capable of reaching out and asking for advice and you are good at it . is this what you are feeling right now ?
this has been an interesting chat . have a wonderful day and i am glad you are feeling positive !
hello sry , why hello ? how can i help you today ?
why do you feel that way ? is there anything that is going on that is bothering you ? hasn ' t it just been on ?
i ' m sorry to hear that . it must have been very toxic for you at the time . is there a way you can talk to him about the reasons why he broke up with you ?
sometimes it is not about what someone entix you but how you have one that you are closest to . when i have breakups i have to be too patient , give myself more time and let things go on for good things to come .
maybe just do what i have mentioned earlier , and do make up something to talk about with someone at this new york going on .
that sounds really frustrating . how does that sound to you ?
i hear you , so i am trying to save up for a house or get some food for the future ? i do not have to buy my own things but i can get my spouse a divorce if we both don ' t do what we want .
how are you tonight ?
have you tried getting to know someone by telephone ?
is there anything else i can do for you ?
you ' re welcome . good luck ! ! !
i feel the same
it ' s not been a good day . but i ' m sure you have a happy ending , right ( : why are you being frustrated ?
what are the reasons you did not start your work that were lack of a start . i have trouble making motivation free solutions when it is challenging .
i can understand being frustrated about that . have you already taken the time to begin from the start ?
would you mind to share what type of work it is you ' re working on at the moment ?
hmm i could understand that feeling - it could happen to anyone at any time . i understand not getting the results that you wanted , is the usual worry of anxiety ? do you think it would be considered an important experience or it would make you more anxious about it ?
for how long have you been studying ? what seems to be causing anxiety at the moment ? or did i get your head straight ?
could you try mindfulness or mental exercise to calm your mind a bit ?
ah , i ' m very true about that - i think that this type of thinking is why a lot of things are affecting our unhealthy lifestyles at the moment .
what did those boil down to ? i can understand that being most definitely a cultural thing though - do you have an okay brad profile ?
what do you mean exactly by pressure ? do you mean that being an unsiv__unk__ __unk__ is slightly related to our various generations ' miscortreatment ?
of course ! i hope you all okay in no at least try this . have a nice day .
can you press quit when you are done or is it one of those first ?
your welcome and good luck !
oh , can you tell me more about that ?
what did you do for you that was so upsetting to you and how you are feeling ?
that is difficult and understandable . if you can ' t give her any understandable reason , can you come out of it with a good reason ?
it sounds like you have spent the last few years with your girlfriend and you are focusing on the things that you really like doing so you can have the opportunity to be with her again in the future .
that sounds very tough , i ' m sorry that you ' re going through this as well . it is really hard when people love you and know you are almost there for them . it is really hard at times , i have been there .
does that mean your depression have started and is you two just having some hobbies or do you really love your family so much that they are so close to you
do you have any friends that you are talking to about it as well ? sometimes it is really help to share things like that with your friends that are close to you .
have you been able to make plans for the holidays so that you have had good time during the quarantine times ?
that ' s great that you have a really good group of friends to hang out with ! do you also go on video chat ?
is there anything else i can help you with today ?
i am glad you are getting some support because this can feel like you have lost you touch with life .
i don ' t know if i could do that , that would mean breaking up with you
i suggest you don ' t personally get in a relationship . it seems that the first step would be to be an adult yourself . maybe you could go and read some books on how to change that at least once a week , and once you have done that it might be good to start off fresh .
it ' s normal to feel slo__unk__ if you don ' t have someone you value you ' re on one that you may ever be able to wait for to make you happy and happy again at that time , the important part is that you get back on your feet as fast as you can .
it is no worse than any family __unk__ not
i am your support .
take care .
hello sbeing it can be hard to stay connected . what do you think this is ?
exams can be tough . i am sorry to hear that . tell me more about your situation .
your exam is next week so i ' m how you are feeling
maybe you just have to control your mind , try to do that
you can try try reaching out there to help in your study group
you are right and i think you will do great
try to get more online classes as well because those help you pass
what do you like doing for yourself then for about a week when your exams are close
yes thats the way to put in time
that is great
i tried as i with your class it is very hard
i see you are strong enough
hello ten is good . how is your day ?
how have you been facing this problems ? are you facing something specific that has caused the issue ?
when i was in school i worked really hard on those topics , so i can understand how you are feeling . please take my advice and perhaps you will do well . have you thought of going over calcity problem in order to prepare your grade ? that way you can study more easily .
i am an native of alexander jazz & benedict . we not only did well in the class but i sometimes understood it as well . why are you afraid of it ?
i ' m sure you won ' t do well in this grade __unk__ i also took one when i was in college . and honors are so important , even when they are all taking a good grade . don ' t worry about what your grades are !
i haven ' t been in the same setting so i definitely get you ! i totally understand and i have taken more pl__unk__ s in my life .
yes i have have to be able to do the most physical work . i am sometimes very good at it , it is a valid use of my time . do you have many other classes in either of these classes that you are not understanding ? i know this is a very hard question to pass .
okay , good bye then . i think you have great and i commend you on taking the tests you studied really hard , even though i have really nowhere to go if i don ' t do my work well . good night !
i have a few online tutors available . that ' s what the tutors in the building do , and they always are extremely understanding when i let them know i am struggling .
i have never taken it either , and i ' ve been in different classes ! i have taken a few annotating lessons , but i just never did well on them .
it sounds like a great idea .
you are more than welcome to reach out if you would like to go further into learning that i have some of my more skilland online courses that i plan to take this year to get some of the best qualities out of that you could once it is all over , i believe you will just pass
thank you so much ! your doing awesome ! ! ! ! ! ! !
hello
it can definitely be stressful ! !
yes it definitely is a good thing to have a break when the weekend is almost
i know that it can be really hard , but even if you try for the max one and only one , it doesn ' t really hurt . try and take some of your time to sleep , take some fresh air to refresh you energy and see how you can do it !
i can imagine . covid can be tough when working , but at least your school won ' t be going the way you are !
do you have a couch with you as well to use as well ? it ' s so nice that there are so many people doing it .
excellent ! i hope you have been able to do that and make a crazy finals and paper ! can you think of anything fun you could do for yourself that could get you through that one first week ?
it doesn ' t take much at all ! anyway , please be excellent with your studies and i don ' t think you can fail it as it is . have a nice evening and study well - everyone is feeling down so you ' re doing the best you can get out there .
i can tell you really do have you a lot of strength in you . sometimes we just need to reflect on those things .
you can also celebrate that you are well and her done , being an adult and so glad that you have your parents . i do also stress when i have to nap just so i don ' t crunch and have a medical emergency .
that ' s a great worry to have . i ' m sure you will have a great time in the new year .
that is awesome . how was your day . how are you today ? sgf ?
why do you feel they are very difficult ? is that just the effort you are finding in trying to solve them ?
it sounds like you ' re a very loving person and stay safe so you have more things to look forward to from time to time . that ' s great that you ' re going to stay safe . it sounds like it ' s best to keep that in mind too .
a good healthy and simple communication with those who care would help .
how are they grieving with your family during that time ? is it what they hope you ' d do in a week after christmas with other holidays getting pretty close ?
have you any ever separated for a time in the holidays or do you have a friends you can can come out with as well ?
i hear you , i ' m on winter break for the same reason
do you study for your exams ? do you enjoy the subject or anything of that nature at the school ? or were you just avoiding studying for finals ?
when did you have to take the finals ? was it freshman or freshman only ?
just in case you ' re not currently feeling happy here . i know what it ' s like to feel depressed as well .
you ' re very welcome . it ' s good you are taking that take care of that little side of the holidays .
my spouse is and my mom and dad are .
how did you feel that summer break was the best thing to have going on ?
unfortunately most likely they will , but there ' s your best bet in this world
no problem , i am here for you if you are able to listen , i really appreciate that you have my eit ; )
what is it that is so bad at the moment that is making you feel this way ?
it seems that you lost your job because of a not having a job at 9 - 5 that was it ?
are you prepared to stay in a currently being employed because you do not have enough money for it ? i know i have in the past .
first you need to contact unemployment office . if they look online for you , you have access to that information .
i am so sorry that this has gone to such an awful degree ! i have hear that it can cause a lot of anxiety and stress during the pandemic . do you have any other resources that you could recommend for your fear ? it might be good to reach out and try these things first .
i actually went through a similar situation but i did end up in a sane place to make ends meet and went to a doctor for endorphins in the morning
yes i do think it will be beneficial as i can see them in person .
no i have not but i have looked into professional help for those i haven ' t had it that ' s been helpful enough in the past but i have been a crazy little girl that needed some help . are you there with them ?
you have also been very helpful with my suggestion of getting that advice . have a nice day and feel good .
great that you are preparing in that email and what they ' ll see . i have the feeling they have very good covid with their resources you are on but i am not sure which company . i have two friends that has covid on a computer and that are very honest and very kind people .
you are welcome
all you have to do is submit a right foodparty !
have a great day to you too : )
will do : )
i ' m sorry i have the feeling this has been bothering you for so long , but i know deep down you can do it .
are you in the us due to the pandemic ? i have a feeling you are going to be a very careful person in the coming year to overcome this with careful planning and keep yourself safe .
i think you are trying to do the right thing and keep the pressure on you because you are having anxiety . i can imagine you have this fear in the new year .
in addition to vitalin use , certain anti - morph substances in nose paste have fustartes that increase many emotions . do you have any covid drug to be aware of this ?
you seem to have an understanding partner that would allow you to stay in a safe . that is even better . i think you are handling the endentconcern of covid .
i have a hard time walking my dog on my hand and im having problems with the cat as well - i know we are both much more considerate to have someone at home to take care of us for me .
you are the first and only person to proactively reach out to understand . your partner will come across as incredibly disserting in the very next year and will be thjoin , have you thought about talking to this fellow ex__unk__ may mindset ?
if exposure therapy is something you are interested in , it might be good . taking care of myself and the house could be one way to force you to start trying small things .
exposure therapy is doing you the extremely best you can .
i think we ' ve all been in a stem study about exposure therapy .
start by putting apart your mobile phones and your phone book to be obendor . and you always get distracted in the meet .
no no no , try to put yourself at ease . it sounds like you are more than good at this ! what do you think about those that you see sometimes dealing with your partner when they are not that interested , rather than that you do not have a significant other by yourself ?
i get that you are worrying , that is okay and i would like you to be reminded that you have to deal with this at your own level as well .
are you able to connect with many people at the aa group or do you have a single person who you can connect with who is interested in the same facetime activity ?
i completely agree ! sometimes we have to do the right thing or we end__unk__ ymethe distancing .
your welcome .
hi im doing good . how can i help you today ?
have you heard of specific it problems that you are having ? i ' m a very happy person and have been trying so hard to stay positive and do my best .
oh i hate that i can ' t remember what i thought this about my granddaughter , she ' s in a better place now that i can remember . it has been very hard for the poor people i see . .
what is she going to do now ? try and do what you can to diminish this since there is his neglect ?
it sounds like you are great family and helping in some cases , a lot of people just aren ' t and that is very difficult . but it is good to hear that you are so supportive of her . i wish you the best in my words .
and yes , she will . it ' s an okay time for the get out of the relationship as it were . but really we don ' t have a first rule .
it sounds like you both truly care and your are thinking of reaching the right solution ! if this lasts for at least a two and half months , i ' m sure that you are really glad to know that you can both heal for once !
you are so good for a family friendship !
are you in therapy to help her out there ? is there a reason that she is poor to begin with ?
you ' re welcome !
merry christmas
have my same regards !
why is that ? can you tell me what ' s wrong ? i wasn ' t aware there are still people who are so sad ?
ah , so you were trying to break up with your boyfriend but it looked like that was not the case and you are not sure how you ' ve got everything off your mind that you have wants to do , so you have lost it and have moved out of the situation that you have been in sk@@
do you have any thing you need to help him with or to get money from you ? or perhaps even food if you need it . i have had it with my brother ' s for years and i have always been very helps .
were you financial strain before and after the relationship ended ? did he try to help you pay him back , or did you have what he wanted and it was just his unravel rent ? do you still have any payment ?
if it is possible , you may consider doing some contact that you have on in your schedule for a while , even if that ' s a bit as simple as no contact .
have you been able to visit her for any sort of time for months before your time ? i am feeling really bad i can ' t do that for the rest of my life . is there any way to zoom out while you are there ?
that sounds like a great plan ! i think you have your starting goal as well .
is there anything else you want to talk to me about ?
i ' m glad you are feeling a bit better .
so you really want to study for school but are not sure if you are able to do so because of covid is it is a surprise because it is a major part of school right now and you have your schooling what so ever but can i help you with anything
do you have any friends or a relative that can do your study for you ?
studying online will help you to be as free and less anxious as at school . study groups can be very helpful . are you aware of organisations ?
that sounds like you are opening your eyes when it comes to things that will be really damaging to your mental health after a year
i have also heard that too , i sometimes worry when i do that as well as when i have to take online classes and i keep coming back just in time
well i would take a time when you feel you have your cake and eat it too
i often charge for zoom on the website like zoom group and it is free and obvideo i use is user friendly .
you dont even have to check on zoom __unk__ but you do not have to !
just do not worry if you don ' t have a specific instruction or you are not seperated in a certain session . get your study strategies under control . maybe you can learn just from chatting on a phone or someone has your exact sessions .
i also think it would help as it just reducing anxiety you would feel with setting up that option as well
you know what , i have a good days and a good days , so i can understand your sadness . what sreach has certainly given me a good little peace of mind . is it that you can ' t tell me what it is you are sad about ?
i ' m sorry you are sad . what ' s been on your mind ?
i ' m so sorry to hear that ! sometimes you just have to give someone time to get things off of your chest to take their mind of the situation .
i can feel you are feeling that you are here to support your husband and not see this as healthy . we have been dealing with all the grief you are going through at home so i know how challenging that can be . is there anything else you would like to talk about ?
do you have any other children you are interested in , and if so would you like to talk about how to do that ?
i ' m sorry you are going through that , but that is too bad that he has not listened to you . he sounds very unhonest . perhaps you could talk to a friend of his ? it might help that you have a friend that your hubby might trust as well .
i ' m very glad that i was able to help you , i hope this was some support to give you . good luck with your future endeavors !
glad i could help , thank you for reaching out for help and i wish you a lovely new evening
good luck and the best to you and hope you are well : )
hello sorry i __unk__ __unk__ where i am __unk__ happy ? hello you happy ?
i ' m so sorry , i know how it feels to feel embarrassed and even if you are that why not spend some time looking into charities . i know that i at least knew that it wouldn this couldn ' t be very easy , but i did not need to .
are you in a family owned company that is providing food to you ? there are social workers who are quite helpful who could be a great partner for you to help others . do you have a family that would be willing to support you in some way at all ?
in my current state , it might not be fair , but i also felt unwelcome . have you ever considered a call to personal support group ? i know there are some of them that do . .
i have also got in and i can feel how you are feeling if you don ' t feel like you are doing it now . this seems even more scary as i had been waiting in the same making lines for quite a while .
do you have any friends that can help you with that you could help you with ?
you are welcome . take care and take care of yourself .
my pleasure , i hope you have a wonderful day and be a great support eacto
if it helps you at all , you should do what i have mentioned to you now if you want any additional support . you are doing the right thing and no shame in it . i believe that you have done your best . i hope i can help you !
you could always go on facebook to try to make a few friends . take a laugh and try to do some crafts .
well if you need any others advice i ' m here for you if you ' d like to contact me . i ' m open to hearing what you have though . i can be all ears . you have the right to feel however you feel at any time .
i can feel that you are most definitely going through that . how are your skills ? i remember when i was in the same situation and i tried to do my work and found it really helpful . i was also really prepared for the job and you just had to be prepared .
i am so happy i could have helped . good luck to you !
you as well . good luck with this . have a great day .
how are you today ?
ah i am so sorry you are feeling that way i can understand you feeling sad . how can i help am i of help ?
yeah of course i am here
i can see it would be stressful to spend so much on gifts ! maybe you can use all this to make a really good christmas gifts list . i would . it might not cost as much as you think if your money is spending the rewards . .
do you think maybe having them see your joy and say hey i cannot imagine being so sweet you can gift them christmas ? i know that might seem like it might not come as a surprise , but you could make it up as it goes .
i really wish i could have a better opinion on things you want to do for your kids , but i am actually open to anything to do with . even if you dont have the money at the moment i do not think its your better thing to do . are they having trouble with coreing ?
if we were then you would definitely feel like it could be time to start making your kids toys and sweet capstake or shreditch for christmas and for how much you get for each toy you have each christmas you could have some old crafts to mess with even though the goal is more fun just
you seem to think that you can make a good think about it . im sure thats a great idea for your kids ! have you thought about such a bollbox or candied candie block you have on your desk . . just getting pictures in those shape so you dont look bad .
would you do something small for their birthday ? maybe a maybe they have something they want to do but your kids have fun , maybe they could do what your neighbors have made while at school have something you could make fun of to do .
i hope that that would do well with your daughters . have you a conversation to take them in with you next year ? i think that would be a great way to express these feelings .
children can appreciate these ideas so much that it can help your set of dreams ! if they would be free of the indulge of sending small gifts , i wouldn ' t tell any of them that you don ' t love christmas .
i am glad it helped !
oh wow i am so glad i was able to help you to even if that was a one hit wonder ! its really important that you know you are an amazing parent , and you have given great support , so i am really proud of you for knowing you are there for your kids !
how is it going ?
why is that ?
have you talked to your friend about this ? is there someone in your friend she can talk to that can open her mind on the issues ?
why don ' t you just be honest with her and say you just want to talk to her and maybe she can end the friendship then
have you been there .
when i am sad i talk to the people i go to get over what i just i don ' t like my friend
maybe you can try different things to help you make more friends
do you want to ask the question ,
you are welcome i hope i help you
if you are still feel sad then i have to go you take care of your sad
good bye
bye
hi yepp how are you this evening ? what is it you would like to talk about today ?
ah i see . do you need help with your description ? can you tell me what that is ?
ah ok . what incident was it ?
i ' m a male . i identify that i would have no problem with why girls choose unecessary fights - a gender neutral biinstance ) . that i would like you to put your concerns into a very personal matter that could help you too . . . that is neither here nor there .
you know what would be a good reason to " fight " your friend ? do you see any violence in those groups ? sometimes violence doesn ' t make anyone more defend their own rights .
it ' s definitely a problem of growing a mature woman like woman and that is something that many women talk about in high power .
do you have any siblings that would be willing to listen to you when you have such issues that you would like to address ?
what was the fighting about ? did she talk to your co__unk__ wife ? maybe if you can tell her what was she doing she would help .
did you ever try speaking to her ?
i am sure that she is scared of words because she just pick a fight and she isn ' t doing it in reaction . i don ' t think you are a bad person at all for being willing to do what she feels that you want to do .
i can understand where you ' re coming from i was in that situation when my family were talking and it still can sometimes not control you but do you think she does that for that matter , with no acceptance or disgust or something
that definitely would make you feel a lot worse about it but i can ' t help you there . i had this same ' our relationship ' and it ' s just me and her i felt were stronger .
you are so welcome . i hope everything works out for you , i can ' t wait for the family time again .
have a good day
i understand it can be hard when we are still in school .
that sounds a bit rough . it sounds like you have an outside reaction when the bully is bully ' s in school ! is it someone you care for so much that you think you might be able to get through it ? have you tried having a serious talk with your teacher ?
it must be stressful for you when this seems to be the case . can you explain to me a little about what the school is making you worry about ? does the school feel that the bully is your only problem . . . ?
have you since paid so much attention in school that you aren ' t seeing your school everyday ? i think in this situation , the time is very perfect to concentrate on school .
you are not making it in school though you sound like a very good student ! do you have a program where you could maybe join one ?
i see you have a child in that class , maybe they would be more willing to listen to you ?
have you talked with your teacher ?
do you talk to your school counselor ? or is that an option you can do online ?
well i can assure you that this is not a small problem . you are talking that you can let go of it .
is that something that you are ready to do now that you are at home or is it something that is more new ?
i think you could try both if that is the case . maybe you can have a music club and i bet that your parents are not too much of an iles in that you can tell who to speak to .
what have you tried so far that you have ?
it can get a little , i know . i have to have that too . it ' s really great that you have a family but know there are so many , even that have been bullied so many times .
start small then it will sound as if it is going to get better with time and it will
it always helps to have some time to help yourself . it ' s helpful to feel at peace in the situation even if it feels like it can ' t be please at the time .
you ' re welcome . it is important to do your best and have no conpenny to talk back with your parents . remember you are not them and you ' re doing your best . don ' t go crazy . you deserve an attitude in your support system !
no problem . i hope everything works out for you . have a wonderful christmas and smile !
i ' m doing fine thanks : ) how can i help you ?
that sounds difficult .
too true . it was a good year for that .
women do that from time to time .
why did she treat you so badly ? why can ' t you see your ex anymore .
it might take a while .
there are a lot of people that have gone through exactly the same thing but choose to try and get to know each other . it may help you a lot if you try to meet new people each day .
take something small and joll for a while .
i hope you make it to the next one . i think you are on the right track .
i ' m glad to be able to be of assistance !
how can i be of help i can ' t help you if you can ' t do my prayers .
i hear you . i ' ve suffered from depression and it ' s devastating .
i ' m in the exact same boat as you . i ' m seeing the good one that i have been in the few few days that i have . i can tell it is stressful and difficult for you .
it has certainly taken a toll on you . have you felt as though a certain part of the world has been affected ?
have you there been any studies that specifically plotting how you would feel if you had a similar incident ?
what has the feelings you are having have changed over the last few years ?
it is a special need and you know it . it is totally normal . time is limited in a lot of physical situations and going to the park or getting some good fresh air can make this a critical balance . also , it makes it challenging for both of you to do mental door 2 .
your child is not doing the same thing with you . you are raising your kids to be like you .
i see that it ' s also stressful to be stressed out in the moment and it ' s great you have someone to talk to . perhaps a house counselling group could help you with your stress of being outside a little and help you with your mental health .
do you go for walks or are you on medical therapy ? i spend a good three or four times a week . the only problem with walking with my children is some breathing sessions that can be very uncomfortable for a child . please get with your kids to help you use and your health for yourself .
do you want your income increased with this counselling ?
if you don ' t feel guilty , you sound pretty awesome .
hello em all good evening . how are you ? what is your biggest problem ?
i see how this is sort of a stressful situation . what are you worried about exactly ?
it sounds like you ' re struggling a lot . i don ' t understand what ' s going on that would involve divorce .
i recently went through the same thing and i was glad i moved out from my home as i can not have someone i cared about all the time .
i would suggest that you move to the new place you live at first . could you try living in a family house after a divorce ? there is a lot of support there that is sometimes helpful .
zoom is so nice to have . and zoom is very great . i bet you do have good memories .
that ' s great that you have that . it is tough to visit family during a time like that . it is really your right to be proud and do what makes you happy !
it sounds like you are in the situation pretty well . it ' s really great that you are being able to do that even if it is the way you are .
that sounds great you ' re able to visit and their are so many opportunities in the area that you have . there is never too late to start seeing them !
you are most welcome . i have hope your family will be there with you by the end of this year . best wishes to you for all of your christmas .
ok . so you don ' t like how people are feeling and you don ' t seem like you care ? i feel that this is due to people not feeling comfortable with you being sorry .
i can understand that . it can be very difficult when there are so few people we have a contact with that we are too shy and we know we do not have people that could give us what we need to live a perfect life . i have been there myself .
maybe start then pick up some friends and ask if they have interest in you ? if they do i would try to make the most of that and i would try not to be afraid .
i am sure there are many family members in your own social circles who you could possibly meet with if you choose to have a more serious relationship .
yea i understand that i myself am not a fan of weebs" and calling you that shows that you are a really unsmart and ignore me sometimes .
how are you dating ? are there any video games that you like doing that you can play with people that are interest in that ?
what are your two pets ? when i think of small pets do i think of all the colorful pets we have been to at times ?
join some online clubs where there is one of your local episodes of certain movies . also try to just join one with someone as well or at a different school . either one would be no harm at all .
yes . a club like that might be more beneficial to join and a group that you can join without constant copies . i hope i can help you with some ideas .
i know there are those that give in to their students by volunteering in an online club but remember that you are not weird because you are kind and stand out . there are over a hundred different apps for fun too as well as social media you can play with or watch games that you enjoy !
don ' t worry about being rejected or you won ' t feel alone in you decision . do not worry at first - it can never be too late to recognize something . the people you don ' t do until you try is the ones who are comfortable in a group !
the hope is you will find someone that you can socialize with with soon !
where are you at ? i also like facebook . it has groups and plus it ' s live . maybe let ' s all have a chat and just stay off social media !
don ' t overthink it !
what has they been doing when they don ' t think you are doing anything anything to communicate ? is there any thing you can do to talk to them ?
it ' s alright then just try to ignore them how they are doing right now
have you tried tending and playing a tutorials ?
oh no kids are distracted now
there is video game events that take place on your phone but do not worry it will not affect your mindset
what is your position in life
when do you open your door and give them your card
just ask them if they are ok with it and give him the phone they want
you are being kind of harsh towards them i ' m telling you that they need it but you just gotta get to your district and tell them that and thats that .
yeah yes but is it important to them to study for exactly what they want
how do i get some more support ?
hello how can i help you . what is going on ?
how has this affected you ? is it been a large one that isn ' t a happy one like a friendship and i am unable to maintain a relationship because i have what would have me through the day ?
so you ' re feeling that your boyfriend is making you sad and upset ?
i can totally understand how that would make you feel . i have a husband who is my 3rd __unk__ ve grandparent , so it is very difficult to look past co__unk__ signs and maintain a relationship when my relationship is bad .
what other important aspects do you want to focus on in your studies ?
i can imagine that you are looking for new place to live . do you want to tell me what is the good part of it for you ? you could just start doing that on your own . you could start your own organization that helps you realize that you can do this .
what is the mothas your master ' s degree in ? it sounds like you seem like you would be a very good person to have it in your job .
do you have any short study groups you have wanted to go to ? i can ' t think of any right now so i do feel confident that there are some dedicated people that could do the exact things you have been looking for right now .
of course ! good luck to you . i hope you start feeling better in the new year . i know it ' s going to be a fresh start and in the mean time you will be happy with what you have actually accomplished . i am sure you will do great . you are doing very well !
is it okay if i can chat about it in a disclaim how you are feeling ?
or sometimes someone else might .
a great help would be to journal what you need to do so that you can more easily decassociate and take the approach you need
thank you for talking and i wish you all the best ! good luck !
hello apologies i lost my admoms account i just hit submit . how are you doing today ?
hi how are you doing today ?
is that what you are excited about right now ?
so you have money and the times money for college is tight , are you getting government support from them ?
ok i understand how you are feeling .
what is the issue ?
it is a poor situation in the us that you are so diferent i can tell it is not just financial issues but student loan issues . i would try to talk to your parents to make sure you are out of it too .
that is a very good financial plan that is being put into place . you are making payments to pay off the debt but how do you afford it ?
it sounds like you have your ideas and plans worked out for you
there is not really an help web platform but i have always assumed they were in your phone and take a video call or your accounts on your computer .
what sort of doctor do you have at your school ?
i did well in my grades to finish my degree and then when i passed my computer science exam i had the debt by 50 pounds to save in case i needed more help .
have you gotten anyone at your city college to help you complete your classes ? that might be a good call for them to help you .
have you tell your family that he would sign you on an extra check and you have to make some payments if you still have the paper check ?
okay good , that might be a good idea .
do they also need it to add to that form ?
merry christmas to you as well .
no problem you too you have a blessed holidays .
have a good one
hello . how are , are you feeling ?
how are you doing today ?
what is going on
sorry to hear that thats very stressful , was there someone you could talk to about it ?
i ' ve 7 kids so it is good i take care of them now
girl maybe , not your fault
thats so bad don ' t you think you are reserving your right to be girl
be okay because you have nothing to lose but her .
it ' s ok my friend have too don ' t feel shameful even if it will hurt
she was but i think its ok i dont know how she let it take you
if your in the habit then try meditation maybe that could help and nothing personal to you just make sure you surround yourself with good people you really love and smoke it probably isnis as good in the long run
you don ' t need to do that if you don ' t love her
i am doing well . how are you doing today ?
i see . do you have a good covidering experience ?
that can be really tough on you . i would find the pent up alcohol feeling to be very common if i were you .
yes , i am not sure they would give you a issue with that as it can be very difficult to disclose in a work setting . it is the other i am not sure you can do . do you have any co__unk__ workers who you can talk to about this and give your strategies ?
i have been in that situation before . my biggest problem for a while was with me needing a professional do - it - is just not worth the money i put in my life .
it is probably not really your problem at work , but i am guessing that they do not want to do it too . maybe you could try getting professional help from a cto !
it sounds like you have a really good perspective , that is why i think that is the best thing to do .
would you be the one to contact your other team that you will have spoken to about the issue and asked if you could discuss it with the boss ? is there anyone you could talk to about this to stop your girlfriend from being hurtful ?
i wouldn ' t do that personally , i feel that you should tell the truth before it is too late .
have you even asked to be pepenteed or even seen the manager a couple of times a week ?
of course you as well : )
yes i ' ve seen some people go through that . lol i hope it turns out okay for you and your boss so that the meeting is less of a gossip and more of your life stuff . have a good laugh about it .
you have to have a really good therapist to do that but __unk__ __unk__ is there anything you would like to talk about ? i do not know too many people in my family __unk__ don ' t have the time i have __unk__ are there anyone you can start a circle with if it is against their ideas ?
there are some seriously helps if you are not in a lot of condition , unfortunately .
if i didn ' t have the issues i ' d just make a great sales partner and apologize : ) if you ever have an hspd hemostihud you should try that , it is very effective and it prevents you from getting black outs and perhaps would increase your mood .
always be happy to be able to help : )
i take it you love your user__unk__ __unk__ d
thanks for sharing with me
i think it ' s nice that you are in so good with the us . i ' m sure i would have never guessed that you are a microcybiased south america girl . i ' m sure you can get a practice .
lol well i wish you well in the sensible future as there is no waiting for new ices or medication though .
you , too : )
press quit from your side : )
hello videogames started this year how are you ?
yes , how are you doing ? what are you , what do you want for dinner today ?
why have they been " mean to you ?
oh i ' ve definitely had that .
your friends need to be able to have some friends
how long have you been friends , how does it feel to have a hard time with them ?
can you tell me a bit more about it ? were you hurting or defend your friend at the time that was yours ?
from what i have heard most people don ' t understand the first step in a good friend , but it is the second , that they really are the right person for you to be in a situation like that
and if they still have i feel that your problem is more on you than them , it will take some time to reflect and let you better how to make the best of the situation .
even if they aren ' t sorry . i would suggest you all do that and see what that did .
bye , bye and have a nice new year !
bye
hello . . how are you doing today ? how are you today ?
how are you ? how is life treating you lately , let me get you maybe a problem that you should be facing with you .
are you having a lot of research right now ? i know that it has been hard to talk to that i do not share , so i can this is sometimes a really bad look . i ' ve been going through that too and it has been hard sometimes .
what sort of important things are you feeling stressed about today ? is that something that has been going on for you for a long time ?
have you tried any kind of activities or were you a little de__unk__ loaded ?
i can totally understand how you feel . but it can only get easier with time . just remember to stay that way .
i completely agree with you . i also find it helpful to take a relaxing relaxing walk when i have a short piece of luck . that way , i have no people and i can get some conversation going that way .
i hope that i have helped you in some way , and i am glad that you are trying .
i think you can also overcome it with therapy and such
__unk__ if that is the only you can do . __unk__ great __unk__ is that that is okay with you ?
i just learned meditation takes practice and time __unk__ i was trying it the other day and i was great about it .
well , thank you __unk__ you can ' t really take anything from my answer
i am doing well what is the paper about ? how was it grade yed ?
did you write about it ?
what grade are you in ?
i know you can do it i am sure it will work out
is there a plus credit since you are good ? or is it the grade that is causing you to write out this hurt ?
this is a hard past time for you i am confident you are not doing any bad everything you make
is it possible to petition the professor to mention it in the papers so you can earn some extra credits in your next semester ?
do you have a advisor or have your parents at least help you maybe
and also make sure you have good friends who are in the same system and you let it go and this has been a really great grade
you are very welcome and have a nice day
have a nice day !
and your welcome !
you too !
so what exactly are you looking for ? what is the problem ? and when it started to go bad was unemployment first ? are there any openings you could get on unemployment ?
that sounds like a challenging experience , but i believe the best that can be done is keep there job , take a check from your employer , and make it ssful for you . i believe you have a well paid job in the future that you have no need to pursue . does that sound right ?
sounds like a great support given . i do think the likely result is that you are trying to work from home and that it will only get worse from here , due to losing a job .
that sounds very interesting . a change in field can certainly hurt in the short term . do you have experience that you can continue to do so ?
i can tell that this has been a difficult year for you in the pandemic .
is there an income until you can work out that date , and after that can apply to any other business ?
yes , just so we all know that , you always put a hard fight with yourself . even in your next interview . it ' s okay to not - listen .
you could perhaps start with your new track . maybe start small . if a club get in , you could go to a career change club . then perhaps have some sort of promotion in your state for several of your previous achievements .
you are definitely not alone in that ! just work your way in .
would your family be able to come by and explore your opportunities at any time for you to fill in time ?
yes definitely ! it ' s great that you have friends in your life that you can spend some time with . can you believe it is not becoming a second job when people have to think about you using your time in a grocery store that you have no use of at the moment ? is that you ?
you have a good life ahead of you
that is great . i am very glad that you ' re hearing from me . have a wonderful day .
you are welcome .
hi there . how may i help you today ?
what is going on ?
that sounds a little rough . what is your boss rejudging you about the behaviour ? is your management rebuktive to that expectation , then they will give you what is your upper management wants for you .
have you spoken to anyone about the situation in the workplace ? or have your peers only give you toxic treatment if you do not participate in it well ?
so you are upset about your peers being complaining about you when you dont have an uncomfortable position at your workplace ?
well it is important to notice that sometimes on a work day , you are preparing yourself for something similar . is there anything else that you can do on this day ? the option to log out early is a sign of an uncertain future for your company .
so your boss is an undervalued employee and it is stressful at work and he is a source of frustration and ad__unk__ miexcouncil . so you are upset with the company you work for ?
do you think it might be possible for it to just continue to continue to be weclingly inappropriate ?
it might be the best thing that you could do from your position . you also have every right to do your best at this .
i totally agree with you , it ' s amazing to feel that you ' re in a better place with these things coming your way at this point . have you had anything you ' ve thought of seeking help for this time ?
you as well . take care of you too !
hello males ? hello . what can i help you with today ?
how are you doing today ?
what is not going on ?
so you are scared that you won ' t be able to find work at your job because you are afraid you will not get anything ?
that is such a hard situation for you and can lead to much of this fear .
the covid media has a lot to do with it
have you spoken with your supervisor about what you have been worried about ? when would a successful employee be needed ? have you tried talking to your supervisor about this issue yet to make sure you are okay and in control of it ?
so you have completely lost your job for this almost 3 years now ?
i would suggest taking time away from playing video games as you are very much more solitary when it comes to losing a job .
you definitely should ! do you have any fun activities you enjoy or anything you enjoy that i can do as well ?
you are welcome !
yes okay . i would really like to thank you for opening the conversation and i hope that i was not intimidating you !
i can tell that you are not much of a social tea drink yourself , are you ? if so , i think the methods i have described to you are very useful !
are you there or is something bothering you ? what do you do for work that is correct now ?
vermont , and it is very nice out there too !
i would have to say i met a few people from my local department when i was in california . they were very nice , and there were many nice restaurants to visit .
you should let them know if you are such a boig is all you want .
have you at least tried talking to them in a calm you are sure to be well within their normal expected guidelines ?
it sounds like you have a tough time coming up with new problems . it sounds like you just seem angry that you are seeing a different kind of you . sometimes it is tough for people to share feelings .
talking with your professor may start by letting them know you have feelings for yourself . perhaps getting in an exercise group might help during the test to get you in a routine that you maybe would be engaged in after tests in the long run .
you are really more welcome and i hope that you will do the best and please keep that open can you do that for yourself
i would definitely keep in touch with your academic sister about it . i hope you can also find a support group and let your family know how that works and maybe find that for the group as well . it really helped me when i worked with a lot of people in my college .
have you ever tried running when you relax for a while to work up some feeling of strength . that may help you for a bit if it is fresh for you . have you ever tried to ask your school aged students why they are donating of their time for school ?
that sounds great ! we all need supportive relationships that help make us more wonderful . i wish you the very best of luck !
i recommend you give college a go and do a mental preparation list when you ' re feeling low on your h ' s and you have a good approach to perhaps increasing your grades . the numbers will grow a ton if you follow the right steps of that .
of course . i ' ve been in what you are now that it is finally the time to do some more studying . there is a lot of good scholarship aid where i live so i could go as well . have a nice day .
hello what season is it ? i am here for you if you ' d like to know whats going on .
i am good , how was your day so far ? how have you been feeling ?
i have similar sleep nightmares as well , if it is long term its too much proselythat__unk__ but unfortunately i find it kind of passionately rewarding . its also a great time of year for outdoor fun .
have you tried what is usually called napping or feeling a deep sleep ? i can usually understand what you are having the most trouble with . have you talked to your doctor about how you are so stressed you can ' t have to do anything ?
i find that it can be one of the most helpful tools i have for my anxiety . i exercise 1 hour after my sleeping shift and walk one , only one in the morning to tired one . it has become one of my easier routine .
that is very true that talking would be very helpful for you . sometimes it really does help . it seems that you have a great understanding on how to start solving it .
my advice is to just do one thing at a time . you have your own ups and downs , and if you can take a day at a time and try different things , you might be able to also heal your problems sooner .
that ' s great that you have those people there . do you have any friends that you can share these feelings with when you are feeling anxious and you get comfort from them .
have you heard of going to therapy ? there is a fun podcast that talked about it . it helped me a lot . is there anything you would like to discuss with your friend ?
that sounds great that it has been proven that exercise does indeed cure anxiety and better sleep issues than other exercises . does that make sense ?
have you tried going for a walk or had a certain activity you enjoy doing that would distract you before you do exercise ?
sometimes it is just a temporary thing until you feel your mental well - being good enough to try it again . is that what you ' re doing right now ? is there anything you could do to speed up the process of your being overfull ?
it sounds like you ' re really allowing yourself some more exercise each day . i wish you the best of luck and success with school . i wish you the best of luck in future .
you ' re welcome ! you never know what you ' re doing , i think you might find some connect you can click on and go back to day 1 of therapy ! have a great day .
of course ! i think that you can do it . are you sure you have __unk__ __unk__ speak __unk__ " setting on you ? it will allow you to ignore anything i could make possible so long as you ignore the problem ?
you ' re most welcome . when we all feel the need to communication , i feel comfortable to use music to support you as well . : ) have a wonderful year .
have a great day !
you are very welcome !
hello ' s wonderful evening , how are you feeling today ?
i ' m well thanks . i would like to thank you for asking . i actually just got home from sdildead yesterday . i had a great burger on this night , which was better than i expected from you . how is it on your mind ?
it is sad it is over . i am sure that you will find that motivation back out there in time , it is not the end of the world .
does it have the thing you are most interested in in doing for now ?
try not to think about it if you dont have the physical or emotional well being you would have from being with your husband . then it is not at all your own for that to be going on . and trust me , i have used trust just to survive a breakup .
do you have a family you can even have a talk with about how you are feeling ?
i feel that you have a big morselise , you are not the only one and i feel you have a great path in relationships with a wonderful man and a very mature children .
yes , there will always be friends and family from 2021 to hopefully best __unk__ kinds of what have you going through i don ' t know if you are looking for anything new or you are more of an outdoorrunner .
i hear you on that . this can be really tough . do you know anyone who can sometimes take your feelings at your whim to a healing effort ?
it ' s true that some people have just not had the same connections . it takes time to love someone even though that person is not human , unfortunately . take a deep breath and take time to move on . i believe it will pass soon i believe it will .
hello glyus ! hello there how are you feeling today ?
it sounds like you are going a bit bad oo . you want to talk about it i am here for you . what are your concerns ?
i can understand how that is making you question what is going on . how long have you been there ?
that ' s too bad you are worried you might lose your job , how did you find the time to do that ?
what would you like to do differently to get your career career on track again when it is over with ?
well if you tell your boss that there are unknown unknown miscos and you ' re paying them with the money you can go to the casino on the cruise you find it that .
yes that ' s a good way of looking at it , you know in the pandemic there are a lot of people coming to and out of work where you just have to ignore the unknown they are going to find out the hard way i found .
yeah it is a healthy time , i completely agree with that .
that is the most important thing , make a good deal of it and it will only make you feel better .
i honestly don ' t make that much now unfortunately , i just take it as whats it is lol
not a problem at all !
bye ! stay good , have a great night !
do you have anything going on ?
what field are you looking in ?
i have also been feeling the same because i have tried them out and it was not too good for me to keep using my time just for a feel of relief .
i i went to a college where hiring here was not so bad . there were a few places hiring at the time . in the job market right now i picked the job . i can see how it ' s stressful to go and have a bad perception .
well when you are about to look they will be hiring because there are jobs open right now . that being said try to apply for jobs after that before looking online .
if it can ' t help you right now i hope it can maybe that is what you can do . no research will be what causes a change in our financial security .
that is a very good plan . i do have things i strive for , i want one . but i get that you feel like you are trying really hard to keep going , or it ' s a bad thing you do not have one .
i know it can feel like we just saw a leap of faith .
you are very welcome . thank you for talking and i hope things are a little better for you today .
what would you like to talk about ?
hi ! absolutely ! i would like to feel how you are feeling at the moment . i believe you can handle a lot .
sounds like you ' re having a hard time handling the situation and feeling pressure to help . perhaps you should speak with your friend for awhile to make your first contact with them ?
i can understand how you are feeling angry about that . of course you want others to help you and to feel good about it . have you tried volunteering more recently to help , do you have a chance at reaching out to them or have you thought of doing that on your own time ?
that is ok it will take a while to process and try to work through it . did you feel angry at your friends or you feel like they just mean it by no reason other than you feel betrayed ?
have you tried to talk to your friends with or with them in the last few months ? how have you felt before that ? have you tried to do some yoga or meditation when the situation is still very severe , something you have considered even during your more dipathetic time ?
i completely understand how you are feeling . i have been that way in my past . i haven ' t though to return the favour . what have i been doing to let you know that perhaps i understand it completely and it has make you feel like i have exhausted myself .
would you do this if there was a reasonable space for your complaint , as you would not be dealing with your friends is my understanding . i don ' t think you should have to just cut the friend out .
i could see that being quite an obstacle for you . it is definitely good that you have the follow up though . sometimes being addictive can help . do you know a good spouse you could have a conversation with just about them in general though and ask if you could suggest a better solution ?
i know it may sound really hard , but remember that you are doing the right things to resolve this .
you are welcome .
good morning s__unk__ ing - how are you doing today ?
how are you tonight ?
merry christmas
how are you ? what is on your mind today ?
well the mental health workers have been since the not so distant years .
i know so much about depression .
is there anything that you can do to control your feelings ?
would you get a psychiatrist if you have some sort of insurance ? sometimes that helps so much . i have been in a similar situation with a friend and he was able to get help with some of the rough things that i have come across and i also have found that medication helps a lot sometimes even .
have you tried going through apply online help to see if they have anything they might be able to help you with at the job center ? i have had to do that a few times when searching for jobs .
have you been looking for the job back then just to make some money so you have a future ? have you looked for something new .
have you been able to go to the doctors ?
you got this i am sure .
that is very true and people have it so bad that they try to unfairly say so .
that sounds like a great way to start that
what i find helpful is opening up to those who are struggling to do the right thing and focusing on the task at hand instead of picking it all up i have had my worst days just by my own method and thats okay with me
that is good and understandable .
i glad i could be here
that is nice to hear .
i think i am going to have a good chat with you too it ' s been nice to have you here and now i ' m off to work in awhile . have a nice christmas and happy new year !
hello men ' s rights can you please visit me any time , please , please
i can understand that !
i hear they are not understanding why you say these people do not understand you
oh i do too . have you talked with anyone over the past couple years and heard what the global balance is on this issue ? i ' m very sorry that you are feeling that way as i do and understand how the people you are dealing with feel .
it is really tough times to be in right now with everything that is going on . it is so scary for everyone to be trying so hard .
have you explained to any of them why you are concerned ? there are people out there who don ' t have the answers they ask for . i did have a pandemic awareness at my school and they found it helpful and very other people in my situation , does that sound reasonable to you ?
i ' m sure they can both see that they have the power to keep your emotions of a truly discussing this issue to you . . . you ' re right that it is upsetting at the moment .
do you have someone you can talk to to assist you in this situation when you are not comfortable ?
do you have a meeting you could discuss this with the press perhaps and let them know that you are the first one to suggest using a breathing exercise that can calm you down and puts you in a better position to handle the fears that your colleagues are facing with the overpopulation .
i could understand a working mask when someone orders for me when i can get my mask but you have to really be thinking , you want to be safe when i am at work and let others know it ' s against you . this is just a very personal sense of confidence .
or do you think something that you personally feel and you may talk to a professional about may help your colleagues and your co__unk__ workers
there are official guidelines and security protocols regarding if someone is in a healthy can of air air from their hand . that doesn ' t scare you .
i am glad i could be help and i am really glad i was able to come to your understanding . i wish you all the very best of luck with it . it sounds like you will be wonderful boss , and the best of both worlds .
you are glad you have no problem listening to issues i have very much enjoyed the whole chat thank you and i have no feelings at all .
okay . i will reach out if i can later .
i know things can be very hard right now and at the moment there is not anyone to give you any consideration .
oh that is horrible ! sorry to hear that he would have been a great friend if he knew how much that hurts and i understand how you feel .
do you like your friends
so is you and your friends your siblings as well ? or the person that you are with right now ?
that is a very valid concern , and they can find it so hard to stay safe and even if they dont come that far they are more likely to . i have just given you some experience . so i would suggest taking some walks , reading , and doing other things you are good at doing .
i have had that a long time and i wish i have found ways to get that helped !
yeah it is snowi but i believe you are doing your best and will make the right choices just take it one by one and the important decisions will be making your decisions and with the ease of everyone that it will be really beneficial .
have you tried and tried any other suggestions you are considering ?
thats awful , its been really cold but ive heard that fresh air seems to help too : )
your welcome . the scary part is that you have safe relationships with your family , friends and the hope of not damaging your brain and everything will work out .
__unk__ bummer . no thanks have a good night . enjoy your stay !
it sounds like you know him very well . do you have any children that can provide you these emotional gifts ? ?
have you still knew each other ?
it ' s not ok to see the someone who you are very clearly that has the power to use .
can you block messages for him ?
do you talk to anyone about that ?
it can work , but you have to keep following the current instructions he is following .
can you try to communicate with him with a dating profile for a week ? ask him if he is interested in you .
what do you think is the right motivation to be in a relationship ? do you think that he just wants to gain your trust and he doesn ' t know where the signs are coming from , he is a cheat who is never seeking anything .
when you meet a new person , it will remind you you have a whole new set of friends , and that things can get together for you . have you considered joining a club with friends to come have a spend time with your loved one and love with your time together ?
you should enjoy your time alone , think of your pride and find what you can do . you might be free but your happiness will be focus more . go take a deep breath and take your mind off what you have now .
that is good ! i hope you have good financial plans for your new years and everything !
yes , i would then block him . this is a very raw meeting !
also go to mutual friends , do this with everyone if they ever get along with you and see how you are and you can better find a man in your life that you just love . if this persists then best you can do is start small and then make big turns !
just don ' t give up you can always take it one up on him or put a new picture
do you know what is making you tired of him ?
hello how high do you want this fine afternoon to open ?
i am sorry to hear that . i can imagine how angry you are being .
does it have something to do with the public and his friends not having or having respect for you when you were younger ?
it seems you are generally pretty shy at this point , so does that make your friend a problem ? does she have a place you think she would like to talk to to let you know what she would do ?
is there anyway you can at least talk to her first if you can without her being a great friend ?
yes i would do that . would you feel more comfortable if this was a mutual friendship if you did that ?
if its something that youre feeling discouraged about , reach out if it is bothering you .
i see your point and its no harm to be there for you no matter what .
if you do end the conversation and give it time , i don ' t see what the problem is
thats a good thing i think .
what is the future for you ?
glad i could be of some help for you !
you really have to give her time to sleep and this mood you are feeling to me just thinks you for asking : )
of course , i definitely helped in an effort to de__unk__ prove that our intromino can be neither socially nor our" .
hello pinkeye is my favourite way to spend my time
are you feeling alone because you have no friends to spend time with or are you trying your best to learn how to be with others and friends to let everyone feel at peace ?
ok well lets look at what is normal for you . what do you have to do to meet other friends ?
tell me more ? what are your biggest family or friends thing that you are having a problem making friends with ? what kind of something that they are working on ? have you also tried to talk to people in your home about it ?
do you support any groups of alcoholics that can help you if you need any support at all ?
i have been going through the same thing in the past , i know what you are going through . i trust you will feel more surround again . it sounds like you have a lot of support going on in the covid family and have been dating a many addicts so it is very . .
that is a good idea for online . online meetings have support groups that do group work so it might help to have those .
i was in the states in the past , they actually wound up just setting up meetings with all of us
well you could maybe find groups online . you have someone waiting for you to complete the search for you through zoom or social tending where you could meet the right people to build a join . there are definitely any religious help out there if you google around .
it sounds as if it is in tn so you have trust issues , but is that right ?
oh . . . is he your close__unk__ partner ?
i can understand the feeling you are going through . i myself am in my current marriage and i would do everything i could to not do what i ' m not feeling , and i actually understand your feelings .
well that sounds like it would be a good start .
make sure you tell your fiance that you are getting help and is happy to try to make the right move by talking this will only make things more smooth
you are doing awesome and you are both doing great things .
you as well thank you for sharing your story .
hi them trying to figure out how did the moon do how was very early this morning . is that your thing ?
that sucks , what is the news about ?
so it sounds like that is taking a lot of time and is frustrating and worrying you have that extra time
i can completely understand that . my mentor had a super negative turn through the entire academic year and most of my time i would not get anything . i am very sorry i have had you feel that way when i have been around so many people .
i am sorry i wish you a very good luck and i am sure that you will be fine : )
but they just may be waiting for a push in next few years
so it sounds like you are looking for work but nobody can provide you anything from what you have so far , and are pandemic cancellan" your situation , is that correct ?
also don ' t worry , you are not your fault and everyone has out source to help you . you are not anyone ' s fault for no reason at all .
do you have other methods that you will definitely still get .
you have done all you can do and you have others who care about you . you have a very loyal spot on your line of work and you can never give up .
there you go , at least you wont be blamed for it . you know what works for you ?
i also started in a mentor for my best friend , friend of my cousin but i just did not like it . i had been in the position for so long before .
that is a great job . you can do a great job , they need someone who can mentor them and is all about your self .
remember there are choices that you could follow
your very welcome
you as well you have a blessed day .
how can i help you today , how is the hivemind
why are you feeling that way ?
i understand . let ' s not forget about a future where we really have no expected and are just here to look all the benefits of life . why did you think you did everything you could to do the things you did earlier ?
how are you today ?
you think you feel like life doesn ' t live for the old die timers , but that was the thing that got your parents fed the day before and didn ' t have to wait on your life ?
i i did over do it and it was just a temporary healing of my sadness , but it eventually got better . i personally didn ' t have an at .
don ' t let anyone disowned you as you deserve a great adult ' s attention .
is there anyone you can talk to ?
yes it does , so talking with someone like my doctor , i could actually use a new look . do you have anything you could do to help ease the burden , for instance , if you start weight gain to less maybe can start some new life activity ?
i totally understand that .
i don ' t think anyone would call you that if you asked and said it doesn ' t really feel you .
so , you feel that you wouldn ' t be able to do anything in your life that would make you happy and help you from that age , no ?
we have no choice in the matter . __unk__ have to take this a step further and try to do as good as you can !
it ' s not the same as a therapist or something a professional . you could see if there is something that you could do that would help you with the problem . maybe support something you feel could help you , like you ' re not getting it .
are you looking for anyone else to discuss it with ?
it seems you feel that you have come up with and heard a plan to help people , are i right ?
yes i don ' t think so . do you have a discussion or anything that i can chat with you today that i can talk about with you ?
wow . you are really super surprised . there are definitely people out there .
okay : )
hi i am so sorry to hear that , why __unk__ "
maybe the other friend has not gotten enough credit for that . what happened that made you hate it ?
have you told your friends in front of you before ? or are you doing the same ?
i can understand it having a negative impact on you . it is difficult for you to come out from that however it is tough for you to see your friend honest now .
so it sounds like that he personally & forhonestly acted to hurt you . what is making you feel that you ' re hurt ? i am sorry to hear that you feel that your friend does this . do you have reasons to think that he did this ?
i see . is there any problem with one of those friends telling you a lie to you ? do you have any friends that are lying to you ? does it take a few years for them to start getting to that point ? have you talked to any close friends of similar experience ?
have you actually come to know him in the last 10 years and have been able to honest with him ? have you had the honest as any where before ?
from my experience it seems that people do that they don ' t accept apologies or apologize over and over again . i understand that sometimes it is hard to forgive . have you experience similar to that behavior in the past ?
have you tried to hide your social contact and see if your boss can try and provide a reason why you aren ' t getting along ?
i have two questions . have you calmly openly admit how you ' re feeling about this which might calm her at the suggested hr ' s help ? have you ever tried taking a close suggestion to hr ?
have you made your boss a point of not harassing you in the workplace ? that may could help get your boss in a better mood at work and as a people good employee .
have you told her that , if she is an inappropriate interacted with person , it is not something she should be punished for ? do you have a department for this you may be dealing with ? or is there one for this group of people that you might speak with as well ?
for lunch and counseling perhaps you could do a homeschooling session when she sees the other co__unk__ worker . that would make her feel like you care about her a lot . or maybe call your coworkers when you meet with them and see how you ' ve been doing .
that ' s great that you have that in your resume . i would hope that you could tell her that .
it sounds like you have a hard time not triggering your boss ' s ok . it sounds like you ' re in a position of a little relief . i wish you all the best with everything .
can you change your job to something similar ? do you have a contract that allows you to leave your home if the co__unk__ worker is next ?
you got it ! don ' t be sad or what have you . things will work out in the end . you ' ll find a good spot to work and your money is just just as good right now as there is now .
you as well !
i ' m sorry i misunderstand what you ' re saying . what is what you are feeling ? you are not feeling sad and angry at what ?
i have also been feeling this way . i know how you feel . it was actually not my family members . i have tried a lot of therapy since that happened . i can assure you that it helped me in the long run as well .
what is it about your mom that does you that is the most attractive to you , if you can even call it that ?
that sounds like a lot of vitriol and talking point .
one thing i did was talk to my mom like these mom did on the video one - i showed her and made her explain to her what was she disrespectful to you . i showed that my family did not do that .
you are a very loyal mom . have you explored the ways you have made friends that your mom wasn ' t going to like ?
i think it might be important to do a little breathing and getting some rest too
just be yourself and have nice relaxing time . i have done it for my parents and they were happy to be there .
that sounds like an addictive or controlling family friend who you are just very good at things . i have wonderful family members ! it ' s great you have friend ' s that you can be close with .
you are making the right decision not listening to your friends . i believe this is how my friends have also rejected my ideas . it is a very different feeling .
it ' s not just based on her family background that she disagree with you . she needs to understand the limitations of your friendship . it sounds like it makes you hurt by her giving you advice that you hate or don ' t listen to . this should make you happy in the end .
goodbye
i ' m great , how it ' s this weekend . how can i help you . what can i assist you in today ?
i see . does that make you feel better that you are working on it ? that might be a good thing if that will help get you to enjoy a more public time and make you more available .
so you are young and you don ' t want to be more than a temp ? have you tried to teach before ?
i ' ve never spoken to a therapist and it ' s so hard not to have been frustrated . it ' s really crazy to think i ' m not thinking of moving on . you have to get your mind off it and don ' t accept it when you feel i don ' t .
i have personally struggled with this as well - but in the meantime i know what it ' s like to be a therapist again , it can just not seem the same . i have a lot of friends that struggle as well and it really makes me thankful that i have someone i can reach out to .
could you if in a fixed price after you do that you make a si__unk__ and have it temporarily essentially help the therapist with their work as well ? maybe do that for a while __unk__ leave they themselves as well .
it might be good that you talk to the therapist and see how they feel and how you are feeling . it is a small issue , but it would help to feel the maybe an empathetic partner that you do not have as a partner in the beginning .
i think that there is no way that you can keep that from a therapist or someone else . if you could look in a more upthrehab office maybe they would be open to having you as part time in a certain community .
no , me either . i ' ve mostly just removed other therapists . maybe that would increase your sanity a little , you ' d not necessarily see that on your merry way .
i am glad you have a sense of humour too !
but what other hobby can you do at your work
yes but if your work is being treated not mistrust your mental health then it can just be a healthy treat
if i could have a therapist i would not just have to listen to you and try to find a deeper role - it would make a big difference . are you well at all this new age you are at or is it just going on right now ?
thank you for your support : )
can you tell me why ?
do you have a conversation with your doctor , which is good as i believe talking to a professional could help someone like that .
well , first of all i really have no idea what the right medication for you is because that is different for me personally . do you have any other people you can talk to about it ? there are those at work who are the ones that have to do the talking .
that sounds promising , the recommendations are all very positive . you sound great in my book . is there anything that i can do to take you in ?
crying can really be an issue but you can tell me whats really causing you so i can be more help
i would try and see how this would actually affect you before you try it in therapist . i would definitely think about talking it out if i were you .
i have been in a similar situation with people i have just went to therapy and it also really helps me to have something to do at the moment
ok thats great to know that your doing your best and your doing your best now . that is a great start and a very good courage to try something even though its one thing* . you are not alone in how you are feeling right now .
is there anything else i can help you with today ?
wow why do you have that thing going on
have you told her why you divorced
parents who have broken empathy deserve to go though so just do that and they will be fine .
i meant both , lol i ' ve gone through a similar separation a couple of years ago
what did you do for fun ? do you have hobbies ?
no problem your welcome i hope it help you !
oh great ! you ' ve got that men ' s time well . get some work and hang in . so you at least have time to unenter your gifts and the life you want . sounds like a good life you have !
sounds like a really nice and beautiful guy to be with ! i think you will find a great fit in just about anyone ! just remember you are not a perfect match that way . you are a very welcome new boyfriend !
ok haha
can you tell me why you ' re not there right now ?
sounds like you are trying really hard to make sure that that is how it can get you through this . you must know your line of work is needed .
unfortunately , there is a place for that behavior when you least expect it . in my work we have had no problems finding someone new to help us with some of our problems but i know it can be really hard at times .
if you try to press it hard , maybe she will learn . perhaps there is someone who is having this same conversations with you in your office .
do you feel that you are an valid assist for your current manager in this situation . is it in your best interest to ask these people for a raise ?
just so i understand it is okay to feel that way , you should not that you can do it from your own basket or every one of your classmates ' , but just knowing your bosses it may mean that you feel more of an isolated feeling at times which your peers can understand your problem a little .
i myself have recently taken on a new job and my sale- husband has never disappointed in me . sometimes it just doesn ' t have the effort for the really challenging tasks , as i am right there with you !
i will wait my turn : )
i will , don ' t be so harsh . i was actually talking the other day how you could honestly use another job or possibly have the both of you on the same project so you could take your time and do your own work .
i hope i have been able to be of some support by i can be of some help to you
you are welcome !
i ' m sorry to hear that , what have you not been dilemo ' d on ? what ' s going on ?
oh , is that part of your fear of public speaking ?
are you there ? that sounds like a huge time to pass so you have your time . you must be prepared . do you have coworkers or school to give you advice about what to do in your spare time ?
yes , it is my major . i ' m taking a course online at a few as well . it was one of my first subjects and i have had it since i was young .
i do know that being a professional person is very tough in the public but i have been in a school that ' s completely different that i was at first
i don ' t have any idea where the exercise is but maybe there are free of those online that have felt so you can practice and try it .
do you feel like this is going to get you out of school as well ?
that ' s great ! i also have found that this is extremely calming to look for a positive outlet to let the anxiety and negative thoughts out and allow me to talk to the people i trust with more !
are you not really anxious about it and do you think that would be why you are having these feelings ?
i have faith in you ! i can tell that you are very positive .
oh okay i see you are trying to move on from your past but having anxity isn ' t the best option at the moment if that makes sense ?
you ' ll find some way to deal with this i am sure .
i actually dont have a main god and i think there are some but they all will come with stronger feelings
is there any thing in particular that would you like to share with me that might help ? i really want to hear you out !
i think i can help you and your friend today .
you have a great day !
anyway , thank you
hi ! how ss__unk__ im sorry __unk__ i love __unk__ how you doing ?
i am doing good .
that has to be frustrating . it ' s good that you don ' t have to stress so much about your cousin though . i ' m sure there is an opportunity to contact this people you ' re concerned about so that you can bridge that gap . it ' s always a dilemma .
sometimes talking on the phone isn ' t the most positive and it ' s good that you ' re on call . sometimes it just has to do with time that the phone is always on and if it ' s been this long that it doesn ' t know exactly what you ' re talking about .
is she aware of that sort of danger or is she obsessive about that ?
i know that it seems like you ' re feeling the same , and i can ' t blame you for feeling that way . you seem very concerned about what the therapist thinks of you and i think it ' s really contributing to the problem . it ' s so difficult at times for everyone i think .
have you given her any anythign you can think of talking about it in person ? or perhaps a conversation about how she is acting ? there could be maybe a small compromise or meeting you could have .
oh i can see it is hard for you to help , but it sounds like your husband is the shoulder to lean on . and she is only taking the kids for a day at a time __unk__ she ' s not having too .
it would be much less damaging to the kids , as they likely wouldn ' t react as she does now that she ' s gone .
is she also in the same family as you ?
i think that it ' s great that you already have that in your background ! and you have any family you ' ve thought of and have actually engaged in communicating with . just for extra even friend support .
thank you ! you are very welcome . i hope you have a great day .
i really hope you do ! enjoy the holidays .
i can ' t end the chat if i don ' t have my lunch !
i ' m good , how sgangam your poor friend today ?
what would make you so concerned ? what have caused it ?
so you are feeling that if you can provide both learning and working skills you think that all are as true as they can be ?
i definitely understand that . i often think that i have so little for a child to do that i it is near immoral . but i have also been getting kids a way . i think that having a centre for many areas of life would help too .
to have some perspective on things to do in the future will be just the best first step
i could live if it was just my community that i have to volunteer as its our kids life , but i really am finding being proactive during the times that i have those times . i always felt it was a blessing that things were done in our favor when they were !
a kind of a book or movie . do you play video games or have any hobbies that keep you going during the stress ?
it is hard not to drink . life is so good that we have the ability to escape all the worries and negative .
yes you are right , the snow would definitely not keep us pew __unk__ t about it .
have you always done that , have you ever been out in snow during winter ?
i have always found parks to really help in the daytime but i always go crazy for trails before making a trip home .
of course ! i hope you have a great day !
i have suffered from depression myself so i can understand the endoment of this medication
is he okay now ? is he feeling any better now ?
is he eating his drugs to cope with his problem , how are you feeling about that ? is that his only problem ? what did he do , tell you the reason why he is do i have your best to give you the information that i can help you when you need it ?
it sounds to me that you are being very concern - gristridly care with those in your corner , not yours . it seems that you have no respect for his needs .
i know it ' s really difficult to be here and it ' s a stressful situation to be in and at your friends and family and all that . i also would be nervous when you face that problem . have you seek medical help from a mediator or a professional ?
is there an invite to any of his family members to meet ?
have you talked to him and tell him that you have it because you do not know him personally ? it might not make a difference if you do . or can someone he is close to you try to get some money to get you something you do not want to have . that could help his depression .
i know you are very hurt that this bothers you but have you talked to a close friend or family member about the situations he is on about and how you are dealing with them ?
good , you are not someone i know or a close friend . best he know that you are a good friend . you got this and it is what you are gonna do and i do not think you are alone . you have that very make you strong .
it does seem a little strange that he is between you and your friends . in my experience that hasn ' t happened . i have had the situation happen to me one time and it was scary . i felt very alone and in shock . my fianc was not happy .
maybe he is just having that issue he does not need the anti depressants . .
that is a great way to find a support group in addition to others on here ! my best i can do for you is just the suggestion that you talk to a counsellor and perhaps talk with your kids about this as well to try and get the feeling out your and their health .
does this make you feel any better if you can forgive and accept it ?
do you have other mental problems or is this just a general one you all have dealt with ?
you are welcome .
have a good thanksgiving too and continue your social relationships .
hello there how are you today ? what are you up to / to today ?
what can i help you with today ?
what is going on that you are having a bad day ?
we definitely do not get the sunshine we needed when we die . is that okay with you ?
i absolutely love the running also __unk__ " . what a wonderful moment it was , when you were baking and running back to the window . you knew you were in control of everything in the world and it felt right to take any lights you may have on .
ah yes , how does that make you smile and have a better relationship with your loved one ?
what do you do to make you smile ? i have not ever thought about sleeping on the computer so i can feel my morning . are you well trained or a combination of the two ?
that what i do to
maybe starting with just a little exercise will get you in good shape for a more great long__unk__ yard workout too .
what can i help you with ? i am pretty sure there is something good you could do to depress you more .
i think that that ' s a good thing for you to do . they are public safe and there are so many suggestions on other websites for people to go walking .
have you ever spoken to your doctor about getting a telecommunication beyond text message that is either physically or through the internet ?
yes , it ' s very useful . i can feel how threatened and elsewhere i am too .
you are very welcome . if you need any help , please just leave and let me know . if you have any other questions or a mal__unk__ lides . . just want to chat .
how can i help m i can share how is the current mess ?
not doing so good do you want to talk about why you are doing this ?
i ' m not in it that much . at this point it feels like the world is on a reassure sh__unk__ nub" expectation .
does your work pay well ?
hmm have you moved on to other things for once ?
so your having a really long day , but maybe it might feel new to you . maybe you just haven ' t focused and your just as excited as this other person .
i also loved at that time as well !
that must be very rewarding to be doing things you have always wanted to do , with covid in perspective i ' m guessing . that ' s no excuse to have it but you are probably having a hard time now __unk__ and i would personally not feel guilty as you have no choice in it .
that ' s understandable . it ' s normal to feel guilt . it ' s like , i think everyone feels guilt and fear at some point in their life . it sounds like you are spending the entire day and day looking out for yourself , right ?
hi - typed first , how are you doing today ?
oh no i can understand your sad and tearful , are you still there
have you given him any permission to take care of your hair ?
you miss your man , he did not communicate .
because you lost your choice . .
try to take things one at time try to have things you love and some things you have no one that ' s your true love .
have you tried to do any hobbies that make you happy
try doing exercise just for your self and think that your right now try it try it
try don ' t focus on just past .
ok i understand you try to keep your own but try to follow your now
now she will make good for herself
start to try a book like " self care the best way out " that will be good to be used to end the sadness
sometimes try to ignore the feelings and see why you are sad
try try do some yoga that will help you
try virtual chatting for people that like you
you can make virtual games and have a virtual conp up
yes it will keep you in your prayers
sometime i take google __unk__ online dating
yes but do all the good things at home and maybe you just meet good people at a comedy movie or yeah movie is good .
try see that you can .
try that and try your allergies
all the best just remember
thank you , your welcome
i will give you support and be happy
yes of you believe in you
good luck !
bye
bye : )
bye bye
hello , i feel sorry for you . is there anything you can think of in your free time ?
yes my grief is bad enough , i was making a mess of that sorry
i think you have every right to be feeling that way as it is your feelings on it ! you have your own should you feel any better .
i am so sorry that you are going through this . do you think you can get some therapy if you have the time at home ?
i ' m sure you don ' t , have you asked anyone if they were able to get a puppy since you don ' t have a cat at home ?
a chihuahua mix with a dark eyes . the face and long grey quiblethat it is . one thing i have done recently . . .
good exercise will really help with that , i have a dog myself .
dogs need great big attention and i bet there is someone that can play with you when you need it the most .
that ' s a good idea ! i was so pleased to have you ! i really like dogs too ! especially your children and pets .
what is his name ?
i hope that one of those two puppy mills ends soon ! i think they make dogs great pets for house stay or just for their empathy !
goodbye ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
so can you tell me what is going on ? why would you want , can i ask why ?
oh no , i ' m sorry to hear that . i have experience that going through heartbreak can be really tough .
that is so shame , would you not suggest that she talk with you at first if she is not sure what to do about it ? do you have someone you can talk to ?
what can she hear ? how did she work it out . i think you could explain how you didn ' t mean that she was really * * unable * * to hear .
oh i hear you . i was born but my mom signs so we communicate by communicating .
oh no .
well i understand how you are feeling , but if you are really it than you ' d be better off without her . it sounds very pathetic that you could even connect a connection like that with her . you really have all the tools you have without the need for someone as woman - put it nicely .
well , if it is visual messages , maybe it doesn ' t hurt your face to take a deep breathe when texting . does she mean that it hurts your face or maybe what i am going on is it doesn ' t ?
i actually have an alien tattoo of aim i speak from personal experience . she seems like someone i can definitely trust .
have you met any of her fellow boyfriend ?
i think that the only risk he would take is that he from that point is lost for you . you just have to lose that one .
anyway , i ' m sure that this one girl i knew really doesnt like you , but he ' s worth a look to maybe
haha those breakups can be very tough
those are some tough feelings , that ' s for sure .
well . i need to get to you now . sorry , can i take your time to talk again ?
don ' t lose hope , it will happen , maybe you two will work together to work it out
no problem at all
i am not sure what that is : )
oh , i feel you sthat sorry
how was her relationship broken ?
it sounds like that this is how you ' re feeling hurt and you did your best and she is done . you are stronger that she is going to find her dreams .
don ' t think you did anything wrong . you do what you have to do to do something .
it will hurt when you see the actions that made it happened but that they did nothing wrong and that it is a terrible mistake that the things that you love so love will eventually forget about you .
maybe take a walk to look for a place that you both could enjoy sometime when you are not working at all ? have you ever lost a loved one in a heartbreak when you went to the park together ?
is there any meditation , have you tried meditating with someone , it helps with getting your mind off things and with your thoughts i think it would help
i recommend getting to a therapist and being open with you and getting a good counsellor .
that sounds fun ! we just have to reach out again when you are ready to . let me know when you are ready to get this started again . i will message you the details of the conversation !
that sounds great ! i know you will do it ! ! ! !
you ' re very welcome ! and enjoy the trip ! it will make you feel a little better !
i ' m sorry i didn ' t hear that earlier . would you like to explain what makes you and everyone else feeling that way ?
that is really a hard situation . do you have any work experience that could help you ? do you have any temporary references or employees that can help you with your security issues ? or were they looking for people to connect with so they could maybe help you fill out these applications in the future ?
that is so bad . i am so sorry that you are feeling this way .
do you feel that your position is important for others to take you on ?
do you have family or friends in your area that are still outside the bereavepisode also ?
i have not done that personally . but i did find it interesting .
do you have a local shelter you could go there for temporary helping ?
yes i do that as well . after about 3 __unk__ 3 breathing i basically calm and maintain control of myself for a while .
i ' m not sure that it does ! it usually just does the usual iam pretty fresh out of prety much any place i can ask . it won ' t replace your public anxiety for sure . does this sound right ?
it ' s never been my pleasure to encourage you .
you too ! have a wonderful rest of your day !
good luck ! i hope you do great !
hi how can i help you
so you know what im kinda i__unk__ so sorry you were friendsted so long
no wonder you are feeling the way that you are do not how what you like your friends see me ?
do you feel that perhaps , for the one or two you have shown for all of these friends that you don ' t actually have that sort of ability to work or deal with your group ? maybe they are just aching for their reasons to believe you would not , in the long run .
that is very bad that you are being mistrustful about this and that they are not following your feelings . it will have to be a discussion about how you feel about wearing a mask .
have you tried even reaching out to your friends when they don ' t make it that far in the current time ? it seems like it would be really helpful for you and your friends and you could make it a lot easier to move on and maybe after this the friendship will be better !
you are missing out on that being your responsibility and that they may not want that you are close to them so you should definitely think about how you could support and call in your boyfriends at this time .
i believe this has to be the most crazy time in all of our lives ! this is definitely just life in it ' s worse days but it sounds like you have also got a lot of time and tried other hobbies .
i would keep searching for other interests you like to do at the same time that have similar distancing or social distancing affect on you .
well it ' s not the same as actually practicing , but maybe you could chat a bit from your home . i can understand it being a challenge to shoot goal and yes it is very difficult as a field hockey so i understand your concern .
you ' re very welcome , i wish you the very best and you ' ll be able to keep that goal true and have people you can be friends with , and this is so good for you .
please have a wonderful time
you too
merry christmas and good day !
how are you today ? what , how can i help you today ?
what do you have to talk about ?
depression can be a real shame , especially when you are feeling very down . is there anything that i can do to cheer you up ?
that is extremely rough to hear . i ' m so sorry you are having to go through that . it really has hit a time . i understand how difficult it is to this thing that will become worse , but have you looked at whats making you so angry ?
do you have any friends that you are close to that you can talk to on the deep aspect of this issue ? i know a while ago my friend was having a bit of this same incident with my dad .
you are so welcome .
have you considered contacting your previous relationship to talk about this with your now girlfriend ?
it would likely have its best qualities in these situations as well , either the girl you were with during the first and the back off the second . that could come as a challenge and it might help both of you with trying to start a new relationship .
i know you don ' t want to burden your self worth , but there are some men that have this issue as well . for the first time you ' ve been in a sexual relationships and it has worked for you in the past . try not to let that have a negative impact on you .
i think you just have to keep the good faith that you are in a good relationship , and it will work out
it sounds like you are not getting any feedback . what is troubling you to be there for you to move on from this ?
i am good how are you ?
i see , do you have anyone you are comfortable , as in your house , that could have some coping duties to help , if so you should be happy .
it is not that so you are making the job situation challenging for you , being in charge of a young person is extremely sad . you are getting paid extremely well to be the mask face of your job . you are a strong person for you choosing your job .
you sound busy . that has put you in a great position to feel confident about that . are there others that you can let know your feelings as well ?
so you are considering a mental health professional who could show you some links on here that you could find on dvid__unk__ sboards to help your son ?
but also you can feel it gets better and that this being the first time to hell can be a shining example that they ' re right there in you in the history of time .
have a great evening and i hope i have been able to offer you some hope of connecting with people and help you take your mind of the matter .
have a lovely night !
hi - " hello ! how are you doing today ?
are you feeling that way or do you want to do anything to feel better today ? who knows , i am sorry for your feelings !
i ' m sorry to hear that .
oh that ' s a really awful feeling ! are you feeling the interview anxiety or anything going on right now that you can ' t ignore ?
do you have any sort of family that you could talk to and they may have some assistance to help you through this time !
so it ' s a good time to get a job , but what it would do is for you to transfer to a new field when it ' s been being tough at the last few months .
do you have people that you know are making you happy at this point ?
i understand this is a tough time for you and people on no work are not allowed to just drop their resume on your resume .
any suggestions for different job ? there are a lot of opportunities online , i found that i was able to get help from an online forums program .
what kind of work are you doing right now that can get you that many money studs ? is it for room__unk__ or do you do a bit of freelance work ?
i have used mturk a few times to get through my best few months , you should be seeing some for like 3 months when they get there .
have you looked into higher rent options in other areas of your life ?
it sounds like you ' re stressed over this situation and you need to be more specific . it seems you worry that you and your daughter have less of an understanding of the unknown in your life as well as other people .
what do you do for a living ? do you have any support groups , let me know if i can help you a bit .
was there any else you wanted to discuss ?
what sounds it ? could you elaborate , the sound it sounds ?
how does this have anything to do with anxiety , and is it related to sleeping inept ?
i am the same way - insecure in my bed during a pandemic , deep curtains closed , hammoines room is antidepressants i tried and it is really beneficial to have your sleep pattern soft , tight .
of course there are many people out there that will give you support for the problems you have because you have the strength to start a support group . i am going to assume you may have some ddit__unk__ counselling , your doctor or some __unk__ a antianxiety group ?
no shame in speaking . but not in the night as it is your fault for so exercising that slept longer during the day .
once we have reached out to your friends for an exposure , i would personally recommend consulting a professional who you can talk to who can supportive you and who can support you a little more : )
i think that maybe you could get a dog and give it a owners first treatment if you found a good spot to sleep and you are not comfortable with either of those with pets . do you not like fish fish ? i also like cats or fish cats , they are my cats !
i know it would benefit you personally to have a pet that can keep you happy and onship safe . i think it would be very helpful !
cats are great for the shelter . and when the time is right , you don ' t have to worry as you are used to it and you don ' t have to have a cat around the house . i know it is very hard to hear that with cats . they are so sweet !
this is natural . you need to find a loving , loving soulmate . you are doing your best to support the dog so you cannot press your other pet up against a tree .
i think i can be of assistance you can ask your cat for help .
as i see it , there may be only one person in the whole group sleeping ! can you honestly sleep with anyone else , you have to make it through this alone ?
have you been feeling much better lately ?
you are very welcome . have a wonderful sleep and happy meal today !
i have found trying this all as well , what have you found that so far has helped you ?
would it just feel this way the day before ?
do you know how much weight you lost by staying at home or if you work from home did you do it from your home job ?
i can tell you have a lot going on right now and are quite stressed about it
can you describe what is upsetting and frustrating that has you are doing in the past ? have you tried talking to anyone in your community ?
a list of possible positives to be oftentimes what you need and find that helps . there is all things you can try , from focusing on the positives to the numbers that the pandemic has done .
are you having anything specific specific on your mind at the moment ? is there anything in your life that has a change in her routine that has you noticing ?
oh , yeah ?
you could try class with friends to help you get through the day .
i do think the new year is looking really good for having a good cat there . i ' m not exactly sure if you have a good - faith relationship with your cat , as i have no vet or i have no personal experience in dog care .
i think it ' s the best time to choose a little dog __unk__ best we can say : ) you can do it but i think being with you can be a good time to look around with the dog while you set a time and where you want your best for the future .
i ' ve got two cats myself : ) they definitely understand that you ' re having a pet you love and you want that . it sounds like they do , i have dog a as well : ) . that could be a good option !
oh well that is great that you have a new spot to walk then : ) very nice of you !
sounds like it would be a great tool ! i ' m happy to make you feel some good wishes !
hey my cat probably sounds better
i understand your frustration and understand how you can take this situation far from home .
i am great i can thanks you for asking
how can i help you today
so losing a job is causing you all of the fighting
are you in any danger of another job
i can imagine that it does make you feel that way . i have also had this problem . i took him to an amazing man . he never wants to do anything for me . i just want what i need and not what i can control .
have you tried to let him know that you have nothing to lose you can take time and love but also that he is right for taking your work home as well as helping you ? i have had so many times with my fiance and it really does get a bit overwhelming .
do you tell him that you try to help him every chance he can ?
have you spoken to a mom like this in your family about it ?
i totally agree with you i wouldnt try that again and have your children play it with them . do you have some of your best games you are planning ?
i think you should be close to your husband to get him to be more understanding but i ' d suggest you should start slowly and then when he is getting aggressive you can talk to your husband in person
yes thats a great idea .
is there anything else i can help you with ?
what is something you have in you that he doesn ' t want you to do ? have you tried offering to take him out for a breather ?
is this your first serious marriage ?
bye
all the best to you and i hope that everything works out .
that ' s too bad to hear . what is bothering you ? do you have a songoing whim ?
have you thought about trying to make yourself feel a little better ?
i am sorry what ' s causing that ?
you have been stuck so you should focus on you life life and this may help you
so it sounds like that is something you are feeling stuck with right now ?
i think as long as you stay positive you have things are looking up
how do you know that is all it is and it is not what is going on with your life ?
how have you been able to do that for you ?
there are so many jobs online for now to look for online either .
try looking online about you have you checked if there are many positions at your job you are eligible for ?
yeah it sounds like you have anxiety from the pandemic but its honestly a good time to go in looking for something new
have you tried to connect with some friends to try a few jobs that make or offers remote work
if you do take a day off its great that you have no precautcooking
i can certainly say it has been a very bad year for my family
i think you can do it !
i know that being in this situation can definitely make it in there as well .
just thinking that the pandemic has caused a lot of people to get mapharone - you can get a government loan or you can get a pet loan which they will likely help with if you seek some help as you mentioned but you really need to get that set for yourself first .
you have every right to feel this way . you can do it as well and it sounds like you ' re dealing with this well . you got this !
youre so welcome
thank you __unk__ you feel the same as i do take that as of now
stay safe
how are you , your friends and family getting sad now ?
i see that you are mad that he betrayed you in the first place , do you have a reason for that ?
when was this ?
that has got to be a tough time of year
when did you begin feeling sorry for him ?
i used to do the same . i was furious that i made an one__unk__ mistake . i found out that i had broke up with my ex .
do you think he is going to try to break your trust again eventually ? what do you think ?
what have you done and you have mentioned that he has made all of those ex__unk__ tups but you are so mad at him you want to make sure you stay with him to just he can keep your closeness . please do not let it last to long .
did you tell him how you were feeling ? what did you do about it ? how do you feel that made you angry ?
i can tell how upset you are about it . it sounds like you don ' t have the same emotions that you can come to an agreement in a relationship .
i agree i cried over that relationship as well . we can try to rethink our relationship and see what can get better .
you don ' t have to go through that but you can try it and do it in another date if he wants
i think crying can help a little __unk__ - just think of something that they can give you an ear for
well i think that might have a positive one to look at from here on out
i usually just throw my phone away or hold it till it ' s not at my life . it always gives me something to do for my mind . it ' s a great way to forget what i did and always find that thing that i want .
true , that might help .
trust is a big factor in a relationship that is hard to tell the truth about .
that ' s good , you ' ll find someone you will find someone after that !
wonderful ! thank you for sharing ! take care of yourself as i am sure you will feel better ! you did the right thing !
hi 3 days i would like to help you today ? please tell me how you are feeling ?
you can use those things as a way to get back at things . why are you feeling stressed ? is that what is really stressing you out the knx can take a toll on you .
what is a project that is on a time crunch ?
perhaps you could start to pick up a working few hours a day in the office ? each day you can do personal work , on one small step each day , for a time in each day that is almost as good as the day to day work for today .
yes , you can try but it may be a challenge it will be the most time after a difficult task , when you prioritize everything you do to make it feel the sa__unk__ euruse .
it could be a body of after some time , actually , sometimes all of us just need a break . maybe just start eating more healthy and exercise a little more frequently . those can do the trick .
i personally really enjoyed taking my life one after the other . i then would have a skill that you were more familiar with . i called these step by step , that i and the process of accomplishing those criteria .
great , done . don ' t forget to breathe ! i ' m so glad you are able to do it now ! it is so great you put out the extra step , too . take care of your anxiety and what your nervous - apare of yours .
as you do this , enjoy the day ! i hope things get going . i hope things will really get better for you ! i hope things take very long for you .
you ' re welcome ! i hope you enjoy the rest of your day !
what about skills , you can learn from others , what are your skills in that you are unable to possibly learn from others ?
i am good how are you ?
i can tell that you have a strange personality ! have you ever tried joining a social circle ?
i think that in order to become a self achiever you have to see yourself in a positive light . i also like being up to date with new things . right now i have a new leset .
why you have to be so busy at work that is working then . __unk__ is it because you are in school or work than is there some other reason ? __unk__ does the job you do pay well so you can also give your days some extra time where you could work ?
have you tried exercising in your free time with friends to put your mind at ease ? that way you have something that you can be in control of .
do you have family who is close to you ?
that sounds like you have a good general build then i think that would work well . .
i also try to keep in touch with people since it can certainly make something i suppose while mindful just some of the time more understandable and unhelpful
i ' m sorry that your friends are so elitist towards you . i find that being pretty easy on myself . it would be nice to have friends that at least listen to me , that aren ' t very obnoxious !
that sounds like a lot , even though everyone is doing it and you are seeing a lot of people from another friend__unk__ is it as annoying or similar ?
yes i actually used to zoom in all the time i could . it definitely helped with my friendde__unk__ phase and social distancing . it wasn ' t for a couple of weeks , but just one week i for sure .
it might be that there is some a an interest you can have that they may have , if i were you . have you heard of that or even tried to practice herahere- aside from the phone , is there any self help foodie you have ?
you should try to talk to them about how you can do it during the off hours so you can get a better picture for yourself .
you ' d have a companion dog that could play with you during your co__unk__ life and you would definitely be alone at the park .
of course , glad to help and i hope you have a great rest of your weekend ! !
thank you for the suggestion . you are welcome .
great ! i am good actually thank you ! is there anything you ' d like to talk about right now ' s when you get back from some covid __unk__ able ) im at work for the day .
sure how are you today ?
you sounds like you are having a great start . you have the power to keep you on your one goal !
what situation was it ? i can help you . . can i help you ?
i was also in a situation like you , and i had similar fears when i was working with coworkers in my last job . i found that being a role model for my coworkers was a great start .
that is great that you put in extra work ! working hard and being proactive should keep you that motivation .
that is great that you can push your family through a tough time like that . the only thing you have to do is you gotta remember you work hard at what you do , and believe you will get through this !
no i have no family but that is what this chat i have in my anxietim is for .
you are very welcome and i am happy i was able to give you some advice
you too
it sounds like you are stressed , i can understand . how can i help you in any way ?
it sounds like you have a really hard schedule . i have also been stuck in that line of work a lot of times . maybe you can try doing a small work outside of the work load so it is not as stressful ? is that what you would like to do ?
i really feel that it can get all the tisias but not quite as hard .
sometimes the desire to work from home is a good thing . it might pay to share the time you have on your end that the company would otherwise not take that into account . have you think about getting a family cam that may be responsible enough for other covid that can help with your stress ?
perhaps one of your friends is in the same situation ? maybe you could try and take some time for yourself with the school you are working so you can do some more things you need to do .
i understand it ' s extremely hard to make a good choice right now , and it seems that things are still not back to what they were . have you even tried speaking to a temp worker ? it would maybe help to see what they would say that wouldn ' t make a lousy solution .
i ' ve been in your position before . i often need talking with someone on the subject . don ' t lose an opportunity because you are what they have right now . even if it doesn ' t sound good .
is there something you ' d really like to do to take it a step further and do more of your work in your company , if you don ' t have to worry about others taking advantage of you ?
it sounds as though you are being sincerely critical of your own behavior . good riddance . do you have any coworkers that can listen to you tell you what you have done that you can control ? i hope that i have this right for you .
have you tried the overwatch battle nine stream or something in a high quality or since it ' s me time . i believe it will at this point maybe even any one person ' s . have you tried waiting on him to switch ? it ' s a battle this week for sure .
that sounds really tough . time is not always a forsure getting right .
try setting a simple schedule , without him being mad at you .
is there anything else i can do for you ? i have no expertise on it or any particular situation , i ' m in it as well .
is there any other kind of support you can give in this situation that is more friendless ?
that sounds like a great strategy if they haven ' t stopped unless you speak to the manager . if they continue on to approaching you asking you if you can leave after they have a chat , then that sounds like a good first step .
what has you on your mind ?
are you ok ? are you feeling better about your appearance than you feel that is why people are making fun of you ? sometimes we just need to step in and start talking about whats wrong with people .
what i do do for work , is i buy my working clothes at : - ) i always do it for a living , i make so many money it is so few that i ' d rather spend it i don ' t need it , but it ' s what i do at work .
do you have problem with your sleeping habits or the clothes you are comfortable with ? if you are not comfortable with it then why do you feel that are the are that don ' t look good on you ?
how about looking for any perverts in your habitat ? have you found a resource to focus on getting more clothes for your women ' s life at first ?
do you have any family that you can have a good conversation with ?
you have your girls and it seems like you are being given the support you need from a female . it might not have a healthier environment to be in for these women if you don ' t have men around to talk to .
that is a great idea . i think that maybe you can just dress your self any and all you want and no one will take it upon you . but i know that is hard right now to do , just trying to make yourself feel better about this certainly will help in the long run .
have you tried taking it easy , sleeping or take a walk in fresh air ?
i always strive for a great and simple thing ! it sounds like you have a plan in your head i believe .
you too ! i hope you do !
you have to press quit first : )
what ' s going on for you today and why are you so upset ?
that is a terrible way of dealing with someone that you may not know , especially when it is during what you are on co__unk__ week that can lead to a communication crisis .
so how did she respond then to that fight , did you change your acted in the time ?
i definitely understand how you are feeling . having that reflection can leave people with different beliefs as well . maybe you could talk to someone you trust and some family members you have that can go on with it if they don ' t have the time or don ' t have the same memories of it .
i hear that . my communication with friends is very difficult at this time of year so i know how stressful it is to be coming to that . i have also done so as a matter of fact that my boyfriend has unfortunately cheated and even hurts me at times , so i understand your anger .
that is good , i can see that you are going through a tough time right now and i ' m sure that you ' ll heal well . best of luck . and keep your head on your chest ! ! !
ah - that certainly is an irdistraction from the problems that you otherwise perhaps dealing with but would have this burden of being with in the first place in the first place . what do you think might help you not feel you have to worry that you ' re being * indirectly * attacked , again ?
i can definitely understand how that has made you upset . you think you were being an awesome friend , and your friend tried to put you in a better life and you don ' t appreciate that at all .
i completely agree ! i wouldn ' t trust anyone that as far as i am aware .
do you have friends that you have friends with that you can talk to about these kinds of issues with ? do you feel that your friender wouldn ' t show you emotions of irania in the future ?
no problem .
i have a good time and you too , good luck and good luck
i think that if you continue that for a while it will have a long path forward
is there another friend or friends you can stay close to that you know you can be close to in times of need ? that can help a lot .
i went through that on that alcohol use level when i was in my last medication do . i would not blame you for it being you caring for them . i personally would say that i really dont have the same concerns you have when it comes to having a close friend you care for .
it is very hard for those close to an alcoholic to see themselves destructive themselves
you could try staying connected and explain the why you don ' t drink to him so you may be able to explain it to his best friend .
i have been in a similar situation before and as a close friend too . there are a lot of obstacles that this situation has dealing with , but you ' d think this would make a better friendship with them and be able to hide it from him more .
are you there to support him ? i think it is great that you stood by yourself in this difficult time . perhaps you could do it in a toxic way you would never did in a situation where you are the supportive partner and you are in a very happy mood .
but you have to remember to always have a talk with that close and you can ' t just give him nothing to eat or for nothing .
you have a dear friend who values you as well as your trust in you
are you in your late days , and has .
no problem , you ' re welcome . don ' t forget you have some good people in your life to stay in touch with .
no problem , glad i could be a help for you . you are amazing !
is that so ? you are welcome ! is there anything else you would like to tell me about your problem ?
crying does sound like it is your every __unk__ opportunity , no matter what , to the dance . you got this . i promise you it ' s right there in you heart .
good ! it ' s really good of you to be doing that . remember to thank god you are going , so you can be positive that you have support in your life now . remember you are in this together and it is your little code and your relationship .
just tell him you are feeling this way , why would you feel that way ?
you are most welcome ! you are welcome to welcome my healing anytime you need to talk !
how are you feeling ?
sorry to hear you are having this many mental problems , are you a weight - obese person ?
are you and your boyfriend okay when you were not being at a significant other ?
it is not a problem . are you all having some type of problem as well ?
is there anything else i can help you with , i can try to help you try to control your weight and negative thoughts .
it sounds like this may be a weight loss as well as losing weight , is that right ? is there a example i can use to help you figure it out .
i ' ve even reached out to someone about the weight issues and i couldn ' t but i had to do it and i got a good result .
i can understand the motivation and i can see your progress when i look up the problem
you are most welcome . have a great day .
yes exercise is always a good idea . you should sign up for the 100% lifting , that can put you in great shape . take the puppy for a walk also . you can find help for other problems as well .
i understand what you mean . broke both knees in a year but maybe your ' s started to lose it ?
of course i have enjoyed talking to you and i hope you feel better !
i can see that that would be a pain that you must be feeling . you definitely are doing the right things for the tough tough time that your pets are having though . i am glad that you are doing the right things !
you are very welcome . i hope you have a lovely holiday season for the start of the new year .
hello . we ' re both doing well today . how are you doing today ?
i see . do you have any problem after this from good courage to start the conversation .
i have suffered from depression when i was younger and when i finally had my first exposure it was a lot of uplifting and i feel your pain .
sorry i am from north america , but i have actually had this problem .
it sounds like you don ' t have any family there that you feel is supportive and that you can make a plan to make sure the rest of your family is safe
please be clear that you do not intend to visit anyone , just that you want to have peace of mind
at that age they are ready to try anything at all that they can , like making a plan for them to watch what they read , giving videos on facebook and videos online .
being self centered is definitely not something that a stranger of a trust cannot fix
i did the same as well and would just give the same talk to my kids as i did no matter how early they were born
i ' m so sorry to hear that and how you are handling this . is there anything that you would like to talk about to him when you ' re at a family to celebrate your happy life or something fun or nice that they can offer you ?
i know you will make the right decision in the future for sure . no one is perfect .
i am sorry that you are frustrated . i am sorry you are having so much trouble . do you have any talks that can explain the situation to the best of your ability ? i is that can make a friendship for a loss .
hmm i see ! that has been hard on you and i can totally understand your frustration . it is understandable to feel that way at this situation . have you had your friend ' s opinion on this subject at all and then that information may be on your friend ' s fb page ?
was the other friend aware that you would have be he was speaking with another person who would not only to have a different opinion but even to what has become .
you have a lot of issues that you are seeking a solution for and yes i think this person is hurting you . i am sorry that you are having to engage with such your friend when you are not sure how to change him .
well if it is a good friend , sometimes the best thing to do is have a conversation with him about the things that are making him is his issue
yeah i do not believe in not speaking with a confrontation from your place . so it ' s just one session and it ' ll let you either talk about the conversation or feel like the conversation ends .
yes i have . i have had friends and a few of them at one point or another who we were in a friendship very close to very bounding and it made a big difference in how we responded .
sometimes it takes courage to have strong , strategic thinking when a man is clearly reading a resumes . this is no joking __unk__ i can see how that could start the tension if you sit it out __unk__ can i help ?
i think that i have personally also had a similar experience ! after we discuss these thoughts i went on to tell my friends what we care about .
and yes i have been in this situation before . from my own personal experience , i would say that a good listener would no doubt listen and express even maybe a little joking in the messages .
well of course ! no problem and i hope you can make it through this . i know it can be a mental isolating and it doesn ' t always have to be done via text .
thank you for the support and have a great day !
hello ! phones don ' t do that , how are you doing today ?
is it too late yet ? what swhat ?
i am sorry to hear that , what is that you ' re going through ?
same , it has been really corny here when everyone feeling really down is getting announced .
yes , i am kinda of like that . but i ' m now making more money than i did before since i got sick of it . i appreciate that you are trying to find a strong spot for me as well i believe it ' s been a long road .
you can you imagine what it would be like to not have a job ? what if you went to a work social media and had a gig when you find one . is it possible that in the future it could have a more important opportunity for you ?
so you have a seriously depressing and corebrary situation so you ' re trying really hard not to run yourself down ?
yes i only have an online one right now because my house is made in the weekends
in my opinion , it might not be the best thing to do . maybe looking at jobs online is what you should do .
yes you really do just want to make a living
all things are capable of working in the mirror . maybe that would show that your coworkers will have come to see you after all .
i believe that you will find work in the event of more self__unk__ promotion if you stay up and try your best to freelance
i know that when i get my hr interview , i will be applying to new jobs i am looking for . you have already that going for you .
you are doing great because of the training and it really appreciate the effort you put into your work
i feel you , i could see that becoming a well - known trait for a new business if i were a career just start over at that part : ) don ' t just think and have it as your resume .
i wouldn ' t put that on your resume as you wouldn ' t have someone to ask any of your job description
what kind of business do you have
i would just make a good run lol
you are welcome .
hello how are . how is life going ?
i had the same experience when i ' m stressed as well . it definitely got our going for a while . it will happen for sure . try not to worry about it too much and it usually works the best to go in order to turn in some good work for the students you meet !
thats one long year ; ) .
oh i can completely understand what you are going through . i think what i do with my summer credits is to reach them as well but you really can ' t .
there may have been changes in how everyone is doing on academic sites , but there are still people to talk to . and it sounds like you can do it .
with no socializing you will have people around you !
it sounds like it might be a good time to try and put yourself out of your comfort zone .
i have been nervous since the last study year but it ' s the routines that bring me my confidence and have me through it in the best way i can do . things can go a long way to turn it around - i think that the best part is the patience you have .
lol i hope it all works out for you
i think it ' s time to take the 53rd step of some macrowning path and ask your students if that makes it easier to grade so you don ' t meet expectations ?
you have great attitude , keep it up . but this actually sounds like you have given great head and you can be proud with it .
no problem ! be sure to have your best wishes pat on the back !
is this his first marriage ?
i can see that you would really be concerned that her husband would be mad at you if you do that . it is true that it is generally neutral or accidentally positive about your friend ' s marriage and so it is not your thing to make her upset by seeing her boyfriend .
that ' s definitely a tough situation that i can understand . i can tell you that you do not have good intentions and have not made your own feelings towards your friend .
i have to understand that your friend is from a serious position . is there a problem with your husband possibly wanting to control you too or does it sound like your husband is the support system for your family , and a caring person ?
is there a good someone you can tell to your husband ?
i have been with my ex__unk__ husband more than one and i will tell him . i do not want him to get it hurts though . i will share it with him !
i would talk to your husband and possibly understand what he is saying .
that is a great suggestion and i am sure you ' ll do great . it sounds like you ' re dealing with a very tough and difficult time right now and i know it will work out . it ' s a tough , difficult situation that everyone might be in .
yes . that would be good . have you two already agree to talk about how it is your guilty pleasure of choosing different positions in a relationship ?
i would love that so badly for my husband . it would really show him that you two are not the same .
what is it about your work that is stressing you out ? have you considered hiring someone ?
it sounds like you ' re worried about this in general , is that correct ? do you know that it is affecting you financially right now , or do you just think it is the employees fault ? are you worrying about the management in general or were you just part of the problem this whole time ?
unfortunately it sounds like you ' re not getting any kind of job at that point : (
absolutely ! that ' s very nice that you would be expressing your outlook and sense of time even so soon ! i just hope it works out for you __unk__ ) . i ' m glad you ' re feeling your situation out .
i know you are a good job and i am sure you have a great future ahead . take the search there and you will definitely find something great . you have not been able to find a job even since 2008 , i think things will get better as time goes on for the rest of you .
you ' re welcome ! i have an evening to get ready for the pandemic whenever i feel that you would like to chat . good luck .
yes it is . i remember exactly how you felt being i was in a really tough situation .
personally , i find one time i just gave in to the anxiety so i could get back on my feet ! have you been having a conversation with your friends about exactly what you want to do and how it ' s contributing to your anxiety ?
mediation actually does very much work for me and it completely lifts my mood i would say my next best is night halting . i tried it on my free time as well . have you considered it in the past and see if you enjoy it ?
that ' s wonderful ! happy holidays ! you do your best and you ' re good to keep chatting , i wish you all the best ! i wish you well in the holidays and i hope you can find success ! i know i sure can .
happy holidays . i wish you all the best . good night .
hi - huncle . how can i help you ?
you obviously did not as i can now see all of the details . what have you and your family thought of you as a friend ?
what i think is really cruel , is that they are so dissimilar . one mistake and they were so slow , i think if you don ' t follow the rules you get the other thing . it ' s been so heartbreaking and absolutely so sad .
oh i know it has to be so hard . friends can seem to have this effect . how do you feel about friends who take any time to care and correct issues ?
im sorry , i completely gotcha . i was feeling like it was ok to see someone else . im really not sure you have a solution though . . .
please go ahead and do what you want if you want : )
and i totally agree with you , feelings of being fulfilled can be a negative emotion . let ' s take this opportunity to say that feelings of being judged are just feelings that i have . i totally believe that people should not feel judged or judged for a long period . you can make it through it .
is it a tattoo of your grandpa or an easter eiffel recal , or something you don ' t know the flip side of ? i may be conparalleling some reason !
have you since healed and then i__unk__ d no one knows why you got that ?
good thanks . how ' s things ?
what kind of situation would you want to talk about ?
hmm that sounds horrible . it seems you had an issue with your boyfriend ?
how do you still have your feelings around the boyfriend
i don ' t blame you . i have the same problem i believe you .
when i am feeling frustrated it ' s best to go one by one . sometimes that ' s just an argument for all that you have going on at the moment . do you have a family member that is faithful to you , or is it just you and your boyfriend ?
i can see how that would absolutely feel rough and you would be upset and angry as well . how did you find out that he was thinking that about your friend ?
i see . if it were me , i ' d spend my time sitting with my friends and probably do a little walking in and speaking out about it . it might get you out of it too .
it sounds like you are talking about you in a valid way . the worst that can happen in these situations is that it goes without saying that you can ' t have your closure . what is the best solution to this situation that your friend has given you ?
have you talked to your friends about it ?
have you talked to your boyfriend in the same way you have after that encounter ?
it ' s not your own fault , people need time to move on . it ' s up to you if you want to look after that , even if it ' s just friendship . you just have to work on yourself though , because that is never the ending for people .
that isn ' t good , but this all happens from your house : ) it can also be a sign of who the angry and hurt are .
why don ' t you try talking to them about it ?
that ' s the way to go , i hear you , this is just a start
do you feel like they could see this from your point of view and how hard and fur__unk__ hurt it is to you
you are welcome ! you are the best and you can do it !
if you are not talking about your friend then you should speak up just in that .
if they want to work with you then thats great
good , it ' s a mental health problem , i can feel the support you need
most of the time people care about you for lack of training and job security
anytime you need it , don ' t hesitate to reach out
its very true when its hard for a normistep human being to being able to be the br__unk__ one who takes care of themselves and take care of others for the good of his or her own .
so it sounds like you ' re facing trouble with your job and what has you facing trouble with it so that you have to adapt .
what are you facing trouble with specifically in your job at the moment ?
that ' s a tough situation to be facing for sure . they are not allowing you to quit ? it must be tough to feel so strongly after you have so much news .
that has been a tough year , i know it can be really hurtful during these tough times . do you have any plan that will help you get through this just as well as you can ?
ah i understand . the other side of that is that i can actually live without any more work if i feel the same way . have you tried contacting some companies about what you are working on doing from home ?
i can completely relate to that ! i work from home and my coast and i can definitely understand how stressful this could make the situation even worse . have you tried looking for other job until it is resolved for you ?
are there any any hobbies or things you have wanted to do for the past year that you have been able to do for job given the current kind of circumstances ?
that is awesome that you have how you have done that ! what do you study ?
i recently found out i have mental and physical issues that i have to medicatefor in order to save my life ! i have found with medication that having to be under the influence completely does not help my depression .
have you tried medication that would maybe help you get to what you want before you go back to school ? that could help you while you do that .
i can see why it is fun to make that self list . can you talk with your friends or family about the pandemic while you see a counselor ?
you are most welcome and i am glad i could help
the only way for you to get the same level of relief is if you try to . you have already been helped . maybe if you search online a little , you can try seeking some support from people who have the same feelings and i would definitely be there to help .
can you tell me about how much you are worried about the pandemic or has it caused an emotionally upcoming lockdown
you are welcome .
i am good . i hope that i can help you today . what is up ?
what ' s been going on in your life ?
i understand what you ' re saying , and it really has you down . .
you did your best in school and that ' s an impressive thing to do . i can understand how it can be troubling you .
once i had to write a 60 page paper , and have been struggling ever since . . . what was it about it that made you feel so good to write so big ?
you are welcome . thank you for sharing that .
i can definitely feel the disappointment that you ' ve cause . and that ' s wonderful !
hello , __unk__ hello what is going on ? " have you done anything today ?
how can i help you ?
i ' m doing okay as well . what do you do for a living ?
this is the interesting__unk__ as to why we feel that way now . it may just be you being lonely in the daytime .
are you able to see the details that i wrote at the top of the chat ?
hello you want to talk my best friend but she feels like an all girl
it is amazing that you have been able to experience such a great and upsetting event and have such great memories in this time
those are some good feelings . they show that it takes a sacrifices . but the people right now are the ones that are right , but maybe the future is right too !
thanks you too . you do as well . hope you have a good evening !
life is so hard right now yes i can understand . do you have a good support ? i know i have been there as well . what have you been trying to do ?
i am really sorry to hear that . just from what you ' re saying , you sound a bit alone . how are you feeling ?
i think you are having a difficult time feeling a sense of a sense of you being above it . there are certainly many people that are suffering from depression and anxiety right now and there are no able to be a complete from - from what i have seen .
have you tried yoga ? it is one of my favorites i love to listen to while i am afk at the moment . you have so many things that are fun but you don ' t have to do so much to get the brain moving .
i think it is good you are taking this more seriously . it will be great to have someone you can spend time with . do you have kids or any pets that you possibly could enjoy when you get there ?
i think a therapy from a depression binge will be a good thing in some cases , i know you can do it
you can google it and it will be your next session to receive all available meds for free
oh i ' m so sorry to hear that you and your children are sad . that must feel so hard . how can i help you feel that it is making you feel worse about being sad and burdening your children and your husband ? please do not feel sad about it .
i am so glad you are no longer at home and i can be there when i have time to be there . is there anything that i can do for you that would support you ?
thank you , god bless .
hello there i understand how you are feeling that i have been feeling the same way for the holidays . what have you been doing for christmas , new year etc ?
that ' s understandable , it ' s very difficult being away from family right now
i can see how it can feel that you are so busy with these years , do you have any time away or has your family been fongather since then ?
well , have you recently started taking a break for a month so that you can do your normal work and not worry that you might not get as much fresh air ?
from what i have heard it seems you are very social and in the right area . do you think something like being out at the park could help keep your anxiety at bay and ease the stress that you are experiencing from the job ?
have you spoken with anyone that has access to zoom and facetime in the last month or so ? i have both and many of my friends have found zoom to be super useful and helpful . a youtube video you watch and a netflix thing i have a tune.
it sounds as though you really love your time outside and you feel like you need to play video games and you can not just share a skit but you can only share a text or a picture if the convo is still ongoing .
how is the weather where you are today ?
i think you are feeling even more good in the pandemic . you have very dedicated time , it is a daily activity . you have the __unk__ invest in make life happy , know it . go out and out .
that is the spirit ! it always starts with being outside in the winter . try getting outside for another hour or two , and you may want to wait until you feel you get the chance to really enjoy nature and get a little fresh air that is not so cold .
research shows that physical activity greatly reducing stress !
i understand , when you are concerned how about taking a look at the balance of life and personal space that we is so important . if you are being worried about that i think you can consider seeking professional help , please don ' t worry at the moment .
are you aware of any resources or strategies you can think of that can give you more suggestions ?
have you considered what the best distraction is ? so as to not worry . is it going to be something of the sort ?
have you discovered it has helped your school ' s troubled students reduce their stress by playing online games ? have you tried something that can add to your self esteem like that ?
do you think that you could let that stress and anxiety go ahead ? is it just in the first few hours of the day or can you give it a full swing and just come back again for a more senior or intermediate playtime ?
i can ' t imagine there is a way you could do that though . have you ever given it a try ? what if you could do virtual uncomfortable ? maybe someone can work with you to put it in your headspace and make your profile so people can ' t circle you ?
that is a very reasonable thing to feel that you have enough time to get your school work done , and i totally understand what you are going through ! when it ' s so late , just a normal day is even better than when you have just made it because you have the time to do it .
that sounds like it can be really tough , it seems you have very good mindset and you are going to feel really cheated if you don ' t do as well that well as you would like and they say no to any homework , too .
perhaps it is time to challenge a button to take the last one over for that one you might need to do ?
it is certainly a shame that it can relate to not being effort but you have to let it go . well done on trying the most you can by feeling well when they have no help . that is so great that you ' re putting in the work for yourself !
what is on you is you have low self worth . do you have any other self lowe that might help ?
have you gone to the class hall , as in your parents ?
if that is the case do you have someone you can talk to with other students or in a hearing ?
can i ask why you play other games not well enough or when your teammates suck when you can ' t find any motivation ?
what seems to be the problem ?
hello how are you today ?
what are you anxious about ? i am really here to help .
have you done any research to shift your pressure from the outside ? i can assure you there is nothing that changes that can change your anxiety . if it helps you to calm down a little , it may have many negative aspects that could alter how you feel in the long run .
thanks ! i hope i have been able to have been more of a helpful user today . best wishes in the future ! thank you for all your great talking and i hope you and your family stay safe too . i think that will all be okay , don ' t you think ?
what about your fear of let the situation begin with the thought of being trapped ? it ' s understandable and i do hope i have you ri__unk__ intent to seek some support . have a great season .
i see what you mean . it ' s been so christmas and hello . there is no real release as much as i ' d like . maybe time for some other outdoor activities too .
i know it ' s much older and the global pandemic has definitely forced us to move on and maybe it helps , maybe i think . anyway , we just have to remember the good you do and the positive you try to keep us ped__unk__ __unk__ .
i think that you are a smart , pro__unk__ keative person ! i am a classic example . i don ' t know the good , bad though . i wake up naturally and my body the same . i also love to make time to do my hobbies when i get a chance !
ok . there is a happy mix of feelings and anxiety that can be contributing to this problem . we just have to let it go and work things through , we have a light at the end of the tunnel .
it sounds as though you got the most out of it that you ' ve been doing and you are having so much support from other people that you ' re trying to show what a nice thing it is that you have .
in the long run i definitely wouldn ' t do that to feel good . if i did it it would just be keeping waiting for a better one . but maybe you should try just to relax now and see the positive in life before the life is over .
i completely understand and feel that . i usually just think it ' s dumb that people don ' t understand . . if people got it right that we are gonna end it i believe it ! i have noticed people who cannot tell a disagree . .
do you have any hobbies that you do have to stay safe , so you don ' t feel as bad as you do ?
that ' s exactly what i do . i have no room in my house for anyone to __unk__ drop safety cards in mine . i just spend my money on the home if people want to . i like that i have a quihuiee__unk__ .
of course , thanks for the chat .
you sound like you have some worry that the time is not next year , so it is important to be prepared to get everything that you can out of your system . i would do research and maybe ever try __unk__ rounge with you and maybe write a book or play a facetime video game ?
have you started looking for those book ' s you have read ? just to compare if there is a way you can have something from one , or all .
you ' re absolutely welcome . my pleasure .
you ' re most welcome . i hope you have a lovely christmas and remember to chat with me anytime you ' re ready for the tough time of the year .
thank you for expressing your feelings , my friend . is there anything that you have or is it just really chatting for the good of of your friends . i ' ll check into that with you , thanks for talking .
likewise , thank you . goodbye . you are very welcome .
thank you so much . you ' re very welcome and take good care of yourself . you ' re doing really good at that job . best of luck with the new training plan . i wish you all the best and best of luck .
so sorry you ' re worried about the future . why do you want to talk about it ?
can i ask if you ' re from the united states ?
i can completely understand . have you ever spoken to a financial aid level in the past ? i have an item as i tell you that i for one would like it if you were able to call the orflovski and i could do a morning run that would be perfect for you .
can you tell me the specific cause of the specific concern ? or was that all of you ' re present right now ?
i find that trying to just do that sometimes makes it difficult to let things out , but the tools that you can use to eventually manage it are very useful to find ways to get to more information on whats important to you .
just in case you can ' t figure it out , have you taken a few free lessons in this subject and are contributing to some degree ? things you can do when you have time like writing a review of your reactions can provide more opportunities to get your mind off it in the long run .
it ' s worth a shot . if the other people actually take it seriously , you definitely don ' t have to read it as often as you usually do . i personally read a few books and even step by step over some exercises on my short stop first .
you are welcome . is there anything i can do for you today to remain at ease ?
i hope i have helped you in any way .
i get that , and don ' t try to understand those around you that you don ' t like that it is occurring either .
sometimes it just takes less anxiety to do a few meditation before you have to deal with people who don ' t exactly have what it is that you are anxious about .
you ' re very welcome , have a good day .
what is it you feel sad about ?
you have what is needed , if not you could do it for your family and friends . is that what you are struggling with ?
i totally understand this too . it can feel as if we are in complete change and we are currently unable to go out .
i have been in a very similar situation with my boyfriend for a bit .
it can make you sad when that happens . .
have you talked to your family about the reasons why he was ignoring you in the past ?
you can do it i know you don ' t want to talk , but try to understand the hurt you are causing to your so . we are there to do you no harm and you have to make a good bye because that is what your heart is for .
it really is a tough time for everyone right now because this pandemic is __unk__ it is making us sad as well
how do you feel about how do you feel about that time the weight of the break up came in ?
that is just a blessing and a curse i think i know the feel a little , but that is why i make sure that i live by my top priority
okay . i will listen when i can so i can offer you more advice .
are you usually there by yourself ?
will you feel better then if you have not discussed things in a while with your partner ? i understand you are depressed and not a good communication that can be resolving .
okay
it can be a lot when we are in a pandemic i think . the holidays can be tough to go through .
so have you necessarily been having trouble in school but are worried about your school being in any pressure ? is there any specific reason that would cause you to be stressed that i am not aware of ?
i see , is this for a school though ?
well she seems to be the most experienced school schooler in the world , and one of the most trained teachers , that would surely have some guidance in that class . but also i ' m sure she is overwhelmed , that is a stressful situation to be in .
that is really great that she is proud of that that you are attending college ! you have just made your parents more happy in my opinion ! i am very proud of my parents ! !
she surely is a great mom , is that true ?
my mom often always suggests i avoid certain topics in my studies just because i can ' t or won ' t have a good college .
what have you actually spoken up for and discuss with her , since she is so adament in your situation ?
it is definitely a bad situation and the way you are judging her now is certainly to point this to her while she is very present
at least you can say that your constant worry is not anything more than the professors not accepting you . hopefully things can make you feel a bit better and you ' ll make a small it__unk__ decision to start paying it off . have you tried a university ?
you are not alone at all ! i feel that your position is totally a freedom that you are reearning from now . it is so great you care and i can feel how you are going to be regarding this if you need to help get back to another debt .
oh gosh it has been a driving park . . .
well that makes a lot of sense ! is there anyone you are willing to talk to while you are at school ?
social distancing can help you get social your studies ! or if you are just being social and it is getting going , try to get any of your friends involved in some virtual activities that may help you one - on one .
do you want to reach out to some of them maybe ? i know that i did when i was in your situation .
i think that you are being being very critical of yourself which is not healthy . do you have any close friend that is who you trust that is the same as your friendest ? or is it the other way around ?
what ' s it like for you right now ?
so you feel your friends are giving you false expectations and you do not know what they are telling you or do you think that they are right to be where you are after all ?
hi there swell lady . how are you doing today ? what are you doing today ?
when the interviews start it can help if not the group work is where the group gets its attention .
i see , sometimes i have anxiety at work . i take it you are there for the presentation ?
i hear you on that , it is so not my business to practice . however , do you have family who might or a nscr in your world that could help you prepare for the last personal presentation you actually have that i have experienced before ?
i just personally have not tried to have a day like that , but i also have a ways of looking it from a positive side as it shows i am engaged with you and you are confident in your product .
if you can think of anything you can look at and feel confident in in confidence you will be okay . sometimes when we think about ourselves we are always checking for everybody ' s accountants and stadilators to see who is willing to help others or to be the supportive one in this situation .
i see , you are not giving anyone credit , i am afraid . you have every right to feel that way . we as people are role tennis in open sport . you are better at your work than your stage . do you want to be the only one presenting ?
trying meditation from inside could help you move your mental wall__unk__ __unk__ " thinking and lift you up a little . often it is just walking in the room when you are most positive can really change the way you look on the screen .
do you have a tattoo of the bear or the snake and the hooter ?
i do understand it as well , fear is so important , have you spoken to your professional counselor ?
you ' re most welcome . you ' re welcome , have a great day .
i am great , how can i assist you today ? i am all ears !
so feeling depressed is common in many cases so it is a common problem to feel depressed . tell me what happened specifically that you have feeling that you are depressed ? i can understand how being depressed can cause a lot of sadness .
this sounds a bit difficult . do you know anyone that has lost a job ?
it sounds like you have been feeling down but do not know how to depress it so it is okay to don ' t give you the push you should need to do it as you may be difficult to adjust to . is that right ?
is there any common way you can leave if you feel unable to work or is there a course you are interested in taking ? i would recommend a therapist .
well , i am waiting for the winter to come , when it is more valid in the us . the melaninaffavorite thing to do right now is to hang out and make new friends . maybe that can have an aim of temporarily healing the itselfestime problem .
if there is need for treatment , you could make an appointment with a close friend .
first of all you have the right thing to do in order to be more supportive of those you meet online . consider how little support you can use . it has been something i have done in the past . when we started with we spend all of our time we could .
yes i agree . i have tried to focus my anxiety on my work . i don ' t do that very much but in times of a fear of loosing jobs i have set something in my life .
though it sounds like you have the problem of pressure to look for another job that will be close to you . or you are ready for the due change ?
of course it is , it can get busy . that is true of most things . having fresh start are amazing and relieve stress but you don ' t have to leave , just leave your door open . are you in a lab ?
thanks . you ' re welcome and i hope you feel better if you remember to quit . i hope you feel no pain . __unk__ you are welcome . __unk__ thank you for sharing !
i have and my relationships are over !
i see that you don ' t have the papers because you haven ' t done the assignment and i ' m sure you have preparing for it ! can you go back and tell me credentials and take a 2 day exams if you can ?
that sounds like fun . are you studying along with your friends ? what are your grades next on paper ? are you nervous about it ?
ah i used to feel that way . i only read one novel at a time at that time . i worked a few hours over one year in it . i am glad you were able to come over and talk so well . i think you might at least make some savings on beer or wine .
do you have any homework where you can at tonight ? are you planning on really studying for it or is it just a general work assignment ?
you never know what ' s inside to make a paper fun . or maybe you might . anyway , can you think of some ideas for releasing yourself a little bit before making it to university ?
yeah i ' d advise that - i never drink and am glad i don ' t .
well that is the spirit ! also because you will feel well off soon , and everyone else will too ! stay positive !
but don ' t forget to drink and behave and take the hit : )
well that depends , do you have a bottle that ' s buddy resistant , or do you have somewhere in a room that you can sit and listen to the high sierra fa__unk__ ishot when you ' re talking ?
well maybe get some bark bark next time you get away __unk__ d also try to remember to have a good seed and man a hoe it is a lot of harder to grow shrooms then you ' d think !
exactly .
wow engineering sounds really enjoyable to me . things always go really well with that kind of paper work . sounds like you are making a great life decision . have you made progress in engineering and how did that go ?
ah i am sorry to hear that . what do you have on your mind that you are aware of right now ? is that even how the machine is sentimentally " living in a standard universe ?
i think that i would absolutely be paid if they did that for me . well it ' s my very first time .
your most welcome ! is that your first final semester ?
oh i am sorry to hear that . have you thought about changing your schedule or just taking it easy on yourself ?
you have submit a paper but it ' s a onary and it is a general deadline . so you have a whole year of you that you can review this paper . are you talking about the journal you submit a paper about or just the manuscript you are submit for ?
i have also had some difficult time lately , i have given up to write and just worry i can ' t finish . i have stuck to my series of deadlines and they keep me through it .
are you having to tell your advisor about the deadlines ? are there any achievements you have noticed so far in your program that you can work on if you believe you can or do it ?
yes i meant to say that i work from home and just do my online organizing in a the morning and evening . this sometimes distracts me from the home work but if i try to let it get past , it seems to work and i end up more successful .
sounds like a great plan and will make you feel like you can do it just as well as you always would !
i am glad that i could be helpful ! i know that it is always good to listen and do what you can to avoid the pressure . sometimes i can wish i were in your position , and i wish that things turn out like that when i am done .
when do you start feeling stressed ? is there a specific week or just the new year ?
what i was telling you is you will take it one day at a time . be happy it was what you wanted .
i think it is about time you try it .
hello mate how are you feeling today ? what is been up you ?
i can understand being struggling with depression . why have you been feeling this way ?
it seems she is a great person for putting care and heart to her own best interest
so you ' re ending up a long distance from your fiance in this manner i see ?
do you have a cookbond or is she too close to you or is it not very close ?
do you have any of your fianc ' s family members in your close relationship
or even if you hafdy options right now , if there is a business visa that u can apply for and maybe try and apply the business visa that they only charge normally for open visa ' s on the phone
its due to covid at that time
anyway i hope i have been able to be of some help to you both
thank you , have a good one , and good luck with your hopping .
no problem , have a good day .
you as well
good thank you , how are you doing today ?
when i got in that position it was quite the dilemma for me as well . you definitely don ' t have to stay single .
i know it seems difficult , but you can do it . you have the strength to do it even if he isn ' t getting to start just that recently .
just let yourself do the research a little before making a decision and be totally sure you don ' t just wait for the there to be a truth to it .
that ' s pretty understandable . keep your head up ! i know i was in your situation in the past .
i can tell it is a lot of you being married and having that stressful time because of it .
have you on any dating sites or other dating apps ? what about yoga and meditation are you interested in ? what do you think of it ?
i ' ve definitely found that it would be the most difficult that i think it would be for me to find someone as well since we all have our different personas that we have in common as a couple . sometimes it may be a personal choice in the first place .
are you capable of seeing things from a person ' s perspective ?
i have a feeling this both the man and the girl will find out . these are just there for you to hone your self and each one of you if you feel they have good things in common and you like the person you have in love with .
good on you being considerate of that feelings i would say .
sure i hope i was of some help . thank you for talking and i hope your problem is now over ! i don ' t know you , but the things you told me in this first comment i know you really want to put time and effort in the future with getting your life approved and ired .
i am doing well .
how are you bummed , what ' s wrong do you want to talk about
so they ' ve cut your income due to covid and you are feeling that way about your employer
oh that is really rough are you putting in id ' s ?
i had a lot of it in my time there so i understand how you feel i was actually working from home before this covid what is in your job it sounds like this will be similar to that for you
i always try to talk to people about my situation at my job and if i don ' t have any solutions , i try to just talk about my problem with my family at that time
a lot of people i know also are in a same time zone where the sales people are not so similar and you know it ' s been a real struggle this year to find a good job right now
perhaps spend a few extra money and do some freelance work if you like it ?
in my own experience i just as they say know any good company that is a consulting company so i always check and see i wasdsorry for not doing work that i should of , it was almost like a cell phone not being in the room worked for me more so i try to find so many
what about office work ?
is that what you are doing now to further your career ? is that also what you would like to do for a longer time ?
i always regret not changing my major because i feel so confident now but i know you can do it i ' m not a much better
i hear you on that lol
hi - 5 is my name . how are you feeling today ?
that is good to hear . would you like to tell me why you are feeling this way won ' t affect you ? is there a particular cause you are looking for i am glad i am able to share with you .
would you like to tell me what the problem is ? are you being depressed that there is no good way to get a new job during the pandemic or are you feeling as though it will never end ?
i think it ' s great that you have that option . it has been a very good feeling when you are not working and could be looking for another job . i definitely hope i can help you . i also recently started looking for a job and my previous one would be awful as well .
it seems like a great question - especially when you have seen so few of your coworkers losing a job , it would be a really good thing that you would be at least asking for options if that were possible .
that is also a really great thing to think about . with the off season , many things have been in play and something you have obviously been struggling to get moving .
you have had an opportunity to explore a new career paths in life and you want to be with that and know you ' re trying to provide a start at this new opportunity . i think you should have an opportunity for either .
and it ' s such a hopeless search , from my knowledge many companies have a weekly discussion with potential employers . have you thought about any that you have involved with , even if it is in your own town , may that maybe open up your job options ?
no problem , i ' m happy to help . good luck with your search and you will go your self !
is there anything else i can do for you ? i wish you all the best today ! __unk__ ohuman " - if there is anything you need from me .
break ups are really hard . what happened that lead to you that you had a heart to heart understanding about it ?
did you break up recently , or any since you broke up with her ?
have you been able to do anything in what you do want to do to do feel better ? do you have a lot of friends and family you can talk to at the moment ?
i am so sorry that is a devastating thing that you are dealing with right now . it sounds like you are facing the very same hurtweight and it isn ' t working out .
i do not know . would it make you feel a little bit better if i could tell you what you did ? what are the circumstances that are causing you to this happenstance ?
i had a good break up . i after they go with the flow .
maybe she is a little mad and might start to like you a bit more though
that would be uplifting . to express how it could ' ve made you feel though .
i would also not recommend sending her flowers at this time . when did this start ?
it sounds you feel this way . what about the part time jobs ?
have you had any issues with ending your role ? would you like to quit your job and do something else ?
i see so you are waiting for customer all the time ?
the rewarding part for you is the fact that you have found the better job in the past that you have wanted . if that were the case in my time i ' m sure that now you can find something better there .
i have also had career options that have been pretty nowhere near my level but i do have many friends who have also found it really unfair .
have you spoken to other co__unk__ workers as you have in the past as you feel that you do not have the right situation for you to work at your current position ?
do you have anyone else in your life who could offer you help in this situation ?
i am feeling much better since i have a therapist in my life .
i think that it ' s a really important step in seeing a professional help your boss ! also , i would start to work on opening up more work . you seem very intelligent and very skilled and like you care about the work you do . this is one of the few things you do to succeed .
thats great ! i bet it will be great to hear a positive feedback . is your new manager your first in that field ?
i know i myself enjoy hobbies as well so i can understand how you ' re feeling .
is there anything you can do to at least entertain yourself and you can have a good work life balance ? is there anything that will make you happy at the job your starting ?
that is an excellent idea . it will make you feel better . you will be just one you .
it ' s definitely difficult finding your way through the more difficult days and things can get hard . i do not think i have things that you have in my small toenails . i hope you feel good and really enjoy the rest of the day !
you ' re welcome . you as well .
